"What is 5G ? 5G is the 5th generation mobile network which is the latest in mobile telecommunication technology. Jio is deploying the most advanced version of standalone 5G, which has zero dependencies on the existing 4G network. Other operators are deploying a non-standalone version of 5G that operates on their 4G core, making Jio True 5G far superior With standalone 5G, Jio can deliver new and powerful services such as low latency connectivity, massive machine-to-machine communication, 5G calls, edge computing, network slicing, and the metaverse.",
"Why should I switch from 4G to 5G? India's only True 5G network provides an unparalleled combination of coverage, capacity, quality, and affordability compared to other networks. Here’s how 5G will revolutionise your experience: Standalone 5G architecture: World's most advanced 5G network with zero dependencies on 4G network Low latency, machine-to-machine communication, 5G calls, edge computing, and network slicing Far superior to 4G-based non-standalone networks being launched by other operators Largest and best mix of spectrum: Largest and the most appropriate mix of wireless spectrum for 5G across 700 MHz, 3500 MHz, and 26 GHz bands, giving Jio True 5G a distinct advantage over other operators Jio is the only operator that has a 700 MHz low-band spectrum to ensure deep indoor coverage Carrier Aggregation: Seamlessly combines 5G frequencies into a powerful “data highway” using advanced technology Enables users to enjoy 5G speed, up to 1 Gbps with ultra-low latency, and the best indoor and outdoor experience.",
"When is Jio True 5G launching in my city/area? Jio True 5G has now covered most of India! Open this link to check all the places across India where True 5G is available.",
"What is Jio’s 5G Wi-Fi service? To enable 5G-for-all, we are launching Jio True 5G-powered Wi-Fi services in high-footfall areas such as educational institutions, religious places, railway stations, bus stands, commercial hubs, and other locations. We have already launched True 5G-powered Wi-Fi services in the temple town of Nathdwara, Rajasthan to help users to experience Jio’s True 5G service first-hand. True 5G-powered Wi-Fi services are already available in Mahakaleshwar Jyotirlinga, Shri Mahakaal Mahalok, Guruvayur Temple and Maa Kamakhya Temple premises. We will keep you informed as we cover more locations with Jio True 5G-powered Wi-Fi services.",
"I have a 5G-compatible handset and my city has Jio 5G network. Am I eligible for the Jio Welcome Offer? The Jio True 5G Welcome Offer applies only to users with 5G devices, located in cities where Jio True 5G services are available and have a valid active prepaid or postpaid plan of ₹239 or above.",
"Does Jio have any 5G phones? All JioPhone models currently available in the market are 4G compatible.",
"Can I buy a Jio5G Dongle? Will my JioFi work on Jio 5G? All JioFi models currently available in the market are 4G compatible.",
"I am buying a new 5G device. Do I need to check whether it supports SA? Most 5G devices are compatible with the Jio5G network. Some devices might require a software upgrade which will directly get pushed to your phone from the device brands. Please ensure you install the update to make your phone 5G-ready We are working closely with all mobile device brands to ensure these updates are made available at the earliest so that you don’t miss out on the Jio True 5G experience",
"Do I need to change my SIM to upgrade to 5G? Will my eSIM work on Jio5G? Jio is a true 5G-ready network. Jio users do not need to upgrade their Jio SIM card to experience True 5G. In our promise to make customers’ life simpler, we bring the latest technology with the highest level of convenience.",
"What happens if I move from a 5G coverage area to a 4G coverage area? With Jio, you will be able to move seamlessly between 5G and 4G networks without any action or intervention required on your part. The network display on your mobile will show 5G or 4G depending on the coverage available in your location.",
"How do I check if my device is Jio5G compatible? Click here to select your device's brand and model to check its True 5G compatibility.",
"Where can I buy a True 5G-compatible handset? You may visit Reliance Digital Store or Jio Store for the latest range of 5G devices. Alternatively, you may also visit online JioMart or reliancedigital.in sites/app. You can avail of exciting offers and financing options on these devices. We will continue to notify you of the exciting 5G handset offers.",
"What are the benefits of Carrier Aggregation? Carrier Aggregation is an effective tool to extend the coverage of mid and high bands that leads to an increased capacity. Jio is uniquely positioned to use this feature as it has a spectrum in the low, mid and high bands to provide an exceptional True 5G experience.",
"What are the bands on which Jio 5G is available? Jio 5G is available on the n28, n78, and n258 bands.",
"Will my paired smartwatch work if I upgrade to Jio 5G on my smartphone? Yes, your paired smartwatch will work seamlessly.",
"Will I be able to pair my smartwatch with my smartphone which is working on Jio 5G? Yes, it can be paired easily.",
"Will I be able to use 5G on international roaming? 5G services will soon be available on International Roaming through partner operators abroad.",
"What benefits will I get under the Jio Welcome Offer? Under the Jio Welcome Offer, you will receive additional unlimited 5G data along with the existing entitlements under your active recharges/plans. Additional unlimited 5G data will work as long as you have a valid active base plan. Additional unlimited 5G data benefits will be used on the 5G network. Data entitlement under your active base plan will be used on the 4G network.",
"What should I do to experience True 5G? In our promise to make our customers’ life simpler, we bring the latest technology with the highest level of convenience. Jio is a true 5G-ready network, unlike other networks. Jio users do not need to change their SIM cards. You will need a Jio-5G network compatible 5G handset and 5G-network availability in your area, and you will be eligible for an invitation to the Jio Welcome Offer.",
"What will be the cost of a 5G tariff plan? All Jio True 5G customers invited for the Jio Welcome Offer can enjoy unlimited 5G Data with speeds up to 1 Gbps. The offer only applies to users with 5G devices, located in cities where Jio True 5G services are available, and have a valid active prepaid or postpaid plan of ₹239 or above.",
"I am a non-Jio user. How can I be eligible for the Jio Welcome Offer? If you are a customer of other networks, you can easily switch to Jio by porting your existing number or get a new Jio SIM home delivered. Tap here to join the Jio network",
"What will happen to my current plan in case I get the Jio Welcome Offer? Your current base plan and the Jio Welcome Offer benefits will work in parallel. When you are in a 5G coverage area, you can experience high speeds and other benefits of Jio True 5G services offered under the Jio Welcome Offer.",
"How will I come to know if I am eligible for the Jio Welcome Offer? Eligible customers will receive invitation notifications. You can also check the same on your MyJio app.",
"For how long will I continue to get benefits under the Jio Welcome Offer? You will continue to get benefits under the Jio Welcome Offer until the 5G network coverage in your city is substantially complete to provide the best coverage and user experience to every customer.",
"What is the eligibility for the Jio True 5G Welcome Offer unlimited trial with an add-on of ₹61? Users recharging with plan of Rs. 149, Rs. 179, Rs. 199 and Rs. 209 can enjoy the Jio True 5G welcome offer unlimited trial on recharge of Rs 61. The validity of the plan will be as per the remaining validity of your currently active plan.",
"I use a 4G device. Do I get the Jio True 5G Welcome Offer on recharge of ₹61? No, the Jio True 5G Welcome Offer applies only to users with 5G devices, located in cities where Jio True 5G services are available.",
"What is the validity of the Jio True 5G Welcome Offer unlimited trial? The Jio True 5G Welcome Offer unlimited trial plan will be valid as per the remaining validity of your currently active plan.",
"I am buying a new 5G device. Will it work on Jio 5G? Most 5G devices will be compatible with the Jio 5G network. Some devices might require a software upgrade which will directly get pushed to your phone from the device brands. Please ensure you install the update to make your phone 5G ready. We are working closely with all mobile device brands to ensure these updates are made available at the earliest so that you don’t miss out on the Jio True 5G experience. Click here to select your device's brand and model to check its True 5G compatibility.",
"How long does it take for the Jio True 5G Welcome Offer to be active after recharging with ₹61? If you are eligible for the Jio True 5G Welcome Offer, the service will be immediately active on a successful recharge of ₹61.",
"How do I use Jio True 5G on my Apple iPhone? iPhone 12 and above all models [14/13/SE(2022)] support JioTrue5G. Your iPhone will require a software upgrade, which will directly get pushed to your device from your manufacturer. Please ensure that you install iOS 16.4 and its later updates to make your phone 5G ready.",
"I can see the ‘5G Auto’ option as greyed out and LTE displayed with information as - “Your current SIM does not support 5G. Contact your carrier for more information.” We are in the process of enabling 5G services for all applicable customers and you will be able to select the ‘5G Auto’ option only once you have received the invite. We will keep you informed about the same through SMS and WhatsApp.",
"I can see the ‘Unlimited 5G Data Pack’ on my mobile number but why am I not able to use 5G on my iPhone? We have provided the Jio Welcome Offer on your number to enable unlimited 5G usage. Start using Jio True 5G by updating the device software to iOS 16.4 or later versions. For that, simply go to ‘Settings’, select ‘General’ and click on 'Software Update'. In case you are using 2 SIM cards in your iPhone: Turn on the ‘5G Auto’ mode from ‘Settings’ following the below steps Go to ‘Settings’ Select ‘Mobile Data’ and tap on ‘Jio SIM’ Tap on ‘Voice & Data’ and select ‘5G Auto’ In case you are using only 1 SIM in your iPhone: Turn on the ‘5G Auto’ mode from ‘Settings’ following the below steps Go to ‘Settings’ and select ‘Mobile Data’ Tap on ‘Mobile Data Option’ Choose ‘Voice & Data’ and turn on ‘5G Auto’",
"I am currently using iOS 16.2 Beta Software. How do I update to its consumer version? You need to visit Apple’s Beta Software Program website and unenroll your device by following the steps mentioned here. After this, you can update to iOS 16.4 or its latest version. All you have to do is, go to ‘Settings’, select 'General' and click on ‘Software Update’.",
"What does one month denote in mobile prepaid plans? Please refer validity of your opted prepaid plan. This validity may vary from 28 days or 30 days or 1 calendar month, as per the plan. Such applicable validity period is to be considered as one month.",
"What are the current Jio prepaid recharge plans? Click here to explore Jio prepaid plans.",
"How to convert my Jio number from Prepaid to Postpaid? You can migrate your prepaid number to new JioPlus Postpaid plans yourself. Follow the below simple steps for hassle free migration. Open MyJio App and click on Prepaid to Postpaid migration banner. You will get an OTP on the registered mobile number Enter the OTP and you will see new postpaid plans Select the JioPlus postpaid plan and proceed.",
"Are these prepaid plans applicable for JioPhone customers? Yes, JioPhone customers can recharge with these plans. For details Click Here",
"Are there any changes in the Postpaid Plan? No. These plans are applicable only for Prepaid and Pre on Post Recharges. There is no revision in Postpaid Plans.",
"I am on Xiaomi Offer / Mega Lyf / Google Pixel offer. Can I recharge with new tariff plan and still be eligible to continue with my existing offer of additional data? Yes, you will be eligible to continue with existing offer benefits.",
"I have already opted for Jio Auto Pay option. Will I be eligible to avail the benefits as per the New Tariff Plans? Yes, you will be eligible if the chosen recharge amount is same as the one on which new offer is available.",
"How to activate an upcoming plan using the MyJio app? You can check this video for the step-by-step process for activating an upcoming plan on MyJio.",
"I have lost/damaged my Jio SIM. How do I exchange or replace it? If you have lost/damaged your Jio SIM, click here to suspend or resume the services of your Jio Number. To get the SIM exchanged or replaced, please visit your nearest Jio store. To find a store near you, click here. The charge for the replacement of a SIM is ₹50/- Please carry your Aadhaar Card to process your request using the eKYC mode. You can also carry any proof of identity to your nearest Jio store when going for a new SIM. Kindly note that SMS services on your Jio number will not be available for the next 24 hours after processing the SIM change request. To know about SIM lost/damaged while on International Roaming, click here",
"How will I know when my Jio SIM is ready for tele-verification? You will receive SMS on your alternate mobile number and your e-mail ID informing you that your Jio SIM is ready for tele-verification. You can call 1977 & tele-verify your number using one of the following options: Enter 5 Digit PIN received on your alternate number OR Enter last 4 digits of Aadhaar / Voter ID / Passport OR Reach our contact center advisor for tele-verification After successful verification, services of your Jio SIM will be activated",
"Is JioCinema Premium available in Jio mobility prepaid plans? The subscription to JioCinema app is provided with applicable mobility prepaid and postpaid plans, however, JioCinema premium content is not complimentary with the same and customers are required to subscribe to the JioCinema premium by making applicable payments on the app.",
"What documents do I need to carry to get a Jio SIM for Jio Prepaid Plans? .support-video-wrapper a { color: #000093; } For new Jio SIM activation, you can bring original Proof of Identity (POI) and Proof of Address (POA) document (Example - Aadhaar, Voter ID, Passport, Driving license) to the nearest Jio stores or Reliance Digital / Dx Mini or Jio retailer. For eKYC based Jio SIM activation process, Only your biometric finger impression and Aadhaar details are required.Get Free SIM Home Delivered Click here.",
"Which number should I call to complete tele-verification for my Jio SIM? Please call 1977 from your Jio SIM to complete the tele-verification process. If you wish to activate only Data services, dial 1800-890-1977 from any number. You can tele-verify your number using one of the following options: Enter 5 Digit PIN received on your alternate number OR Enter last 4 digits of your aadhaar number OR Reach our contact center advisor for manual verification After successful verification, services of your Jio SIM will be activated",
"What if I do not recharge monthly? If you do not recharge after the validity of your existing recharge is over, you will not be able to make outgoing calls and messages. If you do not do any recharge in 90 days, your number might get disconnected.",
"Are there specific data only plans for JioFi? Jio provides free domestic voice calling anywhere in India, to any operator, across all its recharge plans, so, there are no different plans specifically for data. You might be pleased to note that for the first time in India Jio has introduced a technology that allows you to make Voice and Video calls using a JioFi from any Wi-Fi enabled device.",
"I want to port my number to Jio. What should I do? .support-video-wrapper a { color: #000093; } Given below are the steps to port your existing number to Jio: Step 1: SMS PORT <10-digit mobile number> to 1900 from your existing mobile number Step 2: You will receive an SMS that will contain the UPC (Unique Porting Code) and its expiry date Step 3: Visit your nearest Jio Store or Jio Retailer with the UPC Step 4: Carry your original Aadhaar Card or original Proof of Address (POA)/Proof of Identity (POI) to place an MNP request Note: Clear all pending dues with the current operator (if you have a postpaid mobile connection) As per the regulations of the government, if you are porting within the same telecom circle, the number will be activated within 3 working days after successful validation. For porting to another telecom circle, it will take up to 5 working days. Your services will not be interrupted in the intervening period. Port-in requests from the customers of Jammu & Kashmir, Assam, and North East will be processed within 15 working days. Services will not be interrupted in the intervening period. Click herefor a new Jio SIM.",
"Are there any additional benefits If I port my number to Jio? When you port in your number to Jio, you get the following benefits: Access to India’s state of the art 4G network that is built for internet and mobile video Access to India’s first 4G Voice service that offers crystal-clear HD voice and video calling Unmatchable 4G tariff plans that are simple, transparent and provide extreme value",
"How do I cancel port out request? You can cancel your port out request within 24hours from submitting the documents with the other operator and generation of your port out order. To cancel your port out request, send SMS “CANCEL < SPACE > < MOBILE NUMBER > TO 1900 from the mobile number for which you have submitted documents.",
"What if I do multiple recharges of the same 4G data voucher? It will behave like 2 paper vouchers that are taken and one is used and the other is put in the pocket, to be used when the first one is used up. Similarly, these digital vouchers will be queued up in your account, for usage only once the first voucher has expired.",
"How can I avail the EMI offer on Rs 2999 Mobility Recharge? Jio has enabled EMI options on mobility annual recharge Rs 2999 plan across credit cards from multiple banks. This offer is applicable for existing Jio prepaid customer on MyJio and Jio.com.",
"What is the EMI period for buying the mobility plans under this offer? EMI offer can be availed for a tenure ranging from 3 months up to 12 months. Tenure of EMI varies from bank to bank. Customers can select the credit card bank name to know the amount of monthly payment, tenure and interest rate charged by their respective banks.",
"Which banks/financial institutions are giving EMI options? The following banks’ credit cards can be used for doing mobility Prepaid recharge payment. Credit Card Banks: Citibank Yes Bank HSBC RBL Bank ICICI HDFC Standard Charted Bank of Baroda INDUSIND AXIS",
"What is the interest rate for calculating EMIs for mobility recharge plans? The interest rate is different for each bank. Applicable interest rate, tenure and EMI amount are visible on the payment page.",
"Can I foreclose Credit Card EMI? You can check with your bank for foreclosure process and follow the steps as suggested by the bank.",
"What happens if my recharge failed and the recharge amount is deducted from EMI? In-such a scenario your deducted amount will be refunded directly to your account within 7 working days from your recharge date.",
"Is EMI option available with dealer and retailers as well? EMI option is available on selfcare (Jio.com and MyJio) channels only.",
"Can I opt EMI through my debit card? EMI option is available only on credit cards of selected banks",
"Can I do multiple recharge through EMI option? Yes, you can perform multiple recharges as per your available credit card limit.",
"Can I recharge for my family or friends through EMI option? Yes, you can recharge for family and friends through EMI option as per your available credit card limit.",
"What is the ₹259 Prepaid Plan from Jio? The ₹259 is a one-of-a-kind, ‘calendar-month validity’ plan from Jio. It means that irrespective of the number of days in a month, this plan remains valid from the date of recharge (D) in the first month to the date previous to your recharge date (D-1) in the next month. For e.g., if a Jio user recharges on 5th March, the next recharge will be due on 5th April. Hence, you will get to recharge on 5th of every month. Prepaid users will get the convenience of a postpaid plan construct and will not need to remember their plan expiry every month. First recharge date Next recharge date Next recharge date Next recharge date 5th March 5th April 5th May 5th June....",
"What are the benefits of the ₹259 plan? Jio’s newest plan comes with the following benefits: Data - 1.5 GB/day (thereafter @ 64 Kbps) Unlimited Voice Calls 100 SMS/day Complimentary subscription to Jio Apps Validity - 1 Month (renews on the same date every month)",
"Is the ₹259 prepaid plan applicable for existing Jio prepaid customers? Yes, ₹259 prepaid monthly plan is available to both New and Existing customers.",
"Is the ₹259 prepaid plan applicable for postpaid customers? Yes, retail postpaid mobility customers can recharge with the ₹259 prepaid monthly plan. This plan will be over and above the active postpaid plan.",
"What if I miss the monthly recharge due date? Will there be any penalty charges? No. There is no penalty in case there is a delay on doing the monthly recharge. The new monthly recharge validity cycle will start from the next recharge date. We recommend that you recharge in advance to continue enjoying uninterrupted services. Plans recharged in advance shall remain in queue, without losing benefits of the current plan.",
"What happens if I recharge on these dates: 29 Jan, 30 Jan, 31 Jan, 31 Mar, 31 May, 31 Aug, 31 Oct? In case you recharge on any of the above dates, then your recharge ends on the last day of the next month and your new recharge cycle is: 29 Jan – 28 Feb (In case of a leap year its 29 Feb) 30 Jan – 28 Feb (In case of a leap year its 29 Feb) 31 Jan – 28 Feb (In case of a leap year its 29 Feb) 31 Mar – 30 Apr 31 May – 30 Jun 31 Aug – 30 Sep 31 Oct – 30 Nov",
"I have used my daily data quota & the data speed has been reduced, what should I do to get 4G speed again? If you are on a Daily 4G FUP plan, the daily data quota is renewed at midnight (between 00:00 hrs and 02:00 hrs). In case your daily high speed data limit is exhausted and you want to continue using internet at 4G speeds, you can recharge with the following 4G Data Voucher. 4G Data Voucher Recharge Amount Benefits Validity MRP 15 Rs.15 1 GB Data As per Base plan’s validity MRP 25 Rs.25 2 GB Data MRP 29 Rs.29 2.5 GB Data MRP 61 Rs.61 6 GB MRP 121 Rs.121 12 GB MRP 222 Rs.222 50 GB MRP 301 Rs.301 50 GB 30 Days MRP 241 Rs.241 40 GB MRP 181 Rs.181 30 GB",
"How do I recharge my 4G data voucher? You can recharge your 4G data voucher through quick recharge option or by logging to self-care channels - MyJio app or www.jio.com. Recharge facility is now available at your nearest Digital Stores , Jio Centers and DX mini Stores. You can also pay for your 4G data voucher using credit or debit card, net banking or using JioMoney, Paytm and Mobikwik payment wallets.",
"What is Work From Home Pack? Plan details are as follows: Work From Home Packs Recharge Amount Benefits Validity MRP 301 Rs.301 50 GB 30 Days MRP 241 Rs.241 40 GB MRP 181 Rs.181 30 GB Note: Data can be used to access all Internet content. The pack validity will start immediately on recharge. In case you have an active valid plan then the WFH pack will be auto-activated on expiry of daily data allocation.",
"Will get voice / SMS benefits in Work From Home Pack? There are no SMS / Voice benefits in this pack. This data pack allows you to use data only.",
"What is the daily data renewal time for Work From Home Pack? The daily data pack will be renewed around midnight between 00:00 hrs and 02:00 hrs. To check exact renewal time, please refer to MyJio app or call 1991.",
"From where all can I recharge with Work From Home Pack? You can recharge with Work From Home Pack from MyJio, Jio.com, Jio retailers and our partner sites / apps.",
"Can I recharge my Postpaid / Corporate / JioPhone number with Work From Home Pack? Yes, Work From Home Pack is available for Postpaid/Corporate/ Jio Phone customers as well.",
"What are the benefits of Jio New ALL-IN-ONE PLANS? To explore Popular Recharge Plans, click here.",
"From where can I opt in for the Jio ALL-IN-ONE PLANS? If you are an exisiting Jio subscriber, you can recharge from MyJio/jio.com, Jio Money or by visiting your nearest Jio retailer. If you are a new subscriber, then you can join Jio by walking into the nearest Jio store. To locate nearest store click.",
"Are there any charges for calling to Non-Jio numbers? No, there are no charges for calling to Non-Jio numbers",
"Are these Jio ALL-IN-ONE PLANS applicable for JioPhone customers? Yes, Jio Phone customers are also eligible for these plans. However, they will have to pay for prime membership of Rs.99.",
"What is Jio Prime? Jio Prime is an exclusive membership program which will ensure that PRIME members get substantially better benefits than the counterparts in the industry. In the past year, PRIME customers have already experienced: Best Tariffs in the industry Complimentary access to best content library (TV channels, movies, videos, songs, magazine, newspapers and so on...) MyJio – The digital gateway (single access to 24X7 self-service & account management, access to all JioApps and best deals & offers) Access to exclusive content only for Jio customers Access to \"Money can't buy\" experiences (example: Jio KBC Play along with Sh. Amitabh Bachchan, Meet and greet celebrities, Platinum access to live shows & concerts) Access to India - First innovation (7 days catch up of live TV, Interactivity on sports - commentary in local languages, different camera views)",
"How do I enroll for Jio Prime? New Jio PRIME members (joining on or after 01st April 2018) can pay Rs. 99 along with the first recharge for annual subscription. Existing Jio PRIME members (joining on or before 31st March 2018) just need to open / download MyJio, express interest to get complimentary membership for 12 months and enjoy Jio Prime benefits.",
"What will happen to my Jio Prime Membership after 31st March 2018? All Jio PRIME members who have subscribed to the exclusive membership benefits till 31st March 2018 will get another year of complimentary PRIME benefits at NO additional fee (LIMITED PERIOD OFFER). Jio deeply values its loyal PRIME members and will continue to deliver additional benefits and superior value to these founding members. Existing Jio customers who have joined before 31st March 2018 will have to express interest using MyJio app for getting COMPLIMENTARY membership for next 12 months. For new Jio users, the Jio Prime Membership continues to be available at an annual membership fees of Rs 99.",
"How do I get Jio Prime benefits? A. EXISTING JIO PRIME MEMBERS (Joining date on or before 31st March, 2018) Step 1: Download MyJio Step 2: Express your interest to get COMPLIMENTARY membership for next 12 months Step 3: Enjoy Jio Prime benefits This is a limited period offer. B. NEW JIO PRIME MEMBERS (Joining date on or after 1st April, 2018) Pay Rs 99 during on-boarding, for Jio Prime membership for annual subscription.",
"When will the option to express interest be available on MyJio and till when will it be open? A3. The option to express interest will be available on MyJio app starting 31st March 2018 from 12 noon onwards. This is a limited period offer.",
"Is there any change in Prime membership requirement for Jio Phone customers? There is no change for Jio Phone customers. They will continue to enjoy the benefits of Jio Prime.",
"I had paid for Jio Prime membership and using the SIM in Jio Phone. Do I have to express interest for complimentary membership on MyJio? Customers who have recharged with Jio Prime but using the SIM in Jio Phone will get an option to express interest and extend the validity for another year using MyJio app.",
"What will happen if I do not download MyJio OR do not give consent? Will my services be impacted (Jio apps, basic service etc.)? In case you do not express interest for complimentary membership, the Jio Prime benefits will get stopped which includes best tariffs, complimentary access to best content (JioTV, JioCinema, JioSaavn, JioMags, JioXpressNews etc.), exclusive TV content and experience.",
"what will happen in case I was having complimentary Jio Prime membership for Samsung handsets / Apple plan? Do I need to pay now? Existing Jio Prime members need to open / download MyJio app and express interest to get complimentary membership for 12 months. You will get a confirmation on successful registration of your request.",
"What will happen for Enterprise customers? Will each enterprise customer be required to individually download MyJio for getting benefit of Prime? Enterprise customers need to open / download MyJio app and express interest to get complimentary membership for 12 months. You will get a confirmation on successful registration of your request.",
"What will be the validity of Jio Prime membership going forward for activations after 1st April 2018? New Jio Prime members who join on or after 1st April 2018 by paying Rs. 99, will get 1 year validity.",
"Can I express interest for Jio Prime membership using Jio.com? No. This can be done using MyJio app ONLY",
"If my number is grace, will I get an option to extend the Jio Prime membership validity? You will get the option to express your interest to get complimentary membership for 12 months when you open MyJio app. However, for using the services, you need to recharge.",
"What is JioPlus? JioPlus is the all new Postpaid plans providing the best Postpaid service experience for up to 4 new connections per user. Features and benefits of JioPlus More Value Starting at ₹ 399 per month Additional 3 add-on connections @ ₹ 99 per SIM Total monthly charge of only ₹ 696 for a family of 4 (₹ 399 + ₹ 99 * 3) Effective monthly charge of ₹ 174 per SIM More Data Share data with your entire family No daily data limits Truly unlimited free 5G Data with Jio True 5G Welcome Offer More Benefits: Choice number / Premium content / International Roaming Mobile number of your choice Premium Applications like Netflix, Amazon, JioTV and JioCinema First-ever in-flight connectivity while traveling abroad India calling at ₹ 1 per minute with WiFi calling on international roaming One international roaming plan for 150+ countries More Privilege: No Security Deposit required for Existing mobile postpaid users of other operators Credit card users of Axis Bank, HDFC Bank and SBI Card More Care Priority call-back service by care-specialist on single-click More Convenience Move your existing number to Jio without any downtime Missed call on 70 000-70 000 for free home delivery & activation",
"What are the different JioPlus Postpaid plans offered by Jio? Plan Plan Benefits Add-on SIM Security Deposit Voice Data SMS Apps Charges Waived For FAMILY PLANS ₹399 Unlimited 75 GB Unlimited - up to 3 ₹500 Existing non-Jio Postpaid users Credit Cards customers Good credit score ₹699 Unlimited 100 GB Unlimited Netflix, Amazon Prime up to 3 ₹875 INDIVIDUAL PLANS ₹299 Unlimited 30 GB Unlimited - - ₹375 ₹599 Unlimited Unlimited Unlimited - - ₹750 A processing fees of ₹99/SIM will be charged during activation Every add-on family SIM will be provided 5 GB of Data monthly Unlimited SMS has a limit of 100 SMS/day as per policy. You may like to visit www.jio.com/jioplus to get all the details.",
"I am an existing Jio Postpaid customer. Can I get new JioPlus plans? Yes, you can simply change your plan by visiting the MyJio app’s plan change section.",
"I am an existing Jio Prepaid customer, can I get JioPlus plans on the same number? Yes, you can migrate your prepaid number to new JioPlus Postpaid plans yourself. Follow the below simple steps for hassle free migration. Open MyJio App and click on Prepaid to Postpaid migration banner. You will get an OTP on the registered mobile number Enter the OTP and you will see new postpaid plans Select the JioPlus postpaid plan and proceed.",
"What is JioPlus Family Plan? With JioPlus Family Plans, you and your entire family can enjoy the benefits of JioPlus with one single bill and sharing benefits. JioPlus Family Plan brings to you the following advantages: Single Bill for the entire family Flexibility of adding multiple additional members at ₹99/month Data sharing/pooling between family members Get additional 5 GB per additional child in family data pool Free voice calls and SMS for the entire family Pay as you go rate of only ₹10/GB post free data consumption Parent SIM comes with pre-activated ISD, and IR can be activated with just 1 click",
"Which segments/groups of people can get security deposit waiver? Existing non-Jio Postpaid users Credit Cards customers Good credit score",
"Is JioCinema Premium available in Jio mobility plans? The subscription to JioCinema app is provided with applicable mobility prepaid and postpaid plans, however, JioCinema premium content is not complimentary with the same and customers are required to subscribe to the JioCinema premium by making applicable payments on the app.",
"Is JioAutoPay mandatory for all postpaid customers? Autopay is not mandatory for Jio postpaid plan customer. However, we recommend that you opt for AutoPay service to get great offers and enjoy payment convenience.",
"How to view/download my Jio postpaid bill? You can view the bill of your Jio postpaid number using the MyJio app or by logging into your account on www.jio.com. Please follow the steps below: Using the MyJio app: Log in to the MyJio app Tap on the ‘Mobile' option Tap on the ‘Bills & Statement’ option in the ‘Transactions’ section Here you can view the Bill Summary Tap on ‘All Previous Bills’ to view and save the bill Using www.jio.com: Click hereto log in with your Jio number and OTP Click on the ‘Bills and Statement’ option Select bill period and click on ‘View Statement’ to see the bill summary Click ‘Download Statement’ to view and save the bill",
"How to pay bills for my Jio postpaid number? You can make bill payments using the MyJio app or visit www.jio.com. Please follow the steps below: Using the MyJio app: Log in to the MyJio app Tap on the ‘Mobile' option Tap on ‘Pay Bill’ and select the amount option and tap on ‘Pay now’ Select the preferred payment option and make the payment Using www.jio.com: Click on the ‘Pay Bill’ option Enter the Jio number for which you want to make payment, enter the payable amount and click on ‘Proceed’ to continue Select the preferred payment option and make the payment Note: You can also visit the nearest Jio store and make cash payments against your bill.",
"How to check the unbilled usage of my Jio postpaid number? You can get your unbilled usage using the MyJio app or by logging into your account on Jio.com. Please follow the steps below: Using the MyJio app: Log in to the MyJio app with your Jio number and verify the OTP Tap on the ‘Mobile’ option from the top header Tap on the ‘Bills & Statement’ option in the ‘Transactions’ section You can view your unbilled amount in the ‘Unbilled’ tab Using Jio.com: Click here to log in with your Jio number and OTP On the homepage, you will get information about your unbilled amount",
"How to know the outstanding amount of my Jio postpaid number? You can know the outstanding amount on your Jio postpaid number using the MyJio app or by logging into your account via Jio.com. Please follow the steps below: Using the MyJio app: Log in to the MyJio app with your Jio number and verify the OTP Tap on the ‘Mobile' option from the top header Tap on the ‘Bills & Statement’ option in the Transactions section Here you will get the outstanding amount Using Jio.com: Click hereto log in with your Jio number and verify the OTP Click on the ‘Bills & Statement’ option, select the billing period You will get the bill summary along with the outstanding amount",
"How to know/increase the credit limit of my Jio postpaid number? You can know the credit limit of your Jio postpaid number using the MyJio app or by logging into your account on Jio.com. Please follow the steps below: Using the MyJio app: Log in to the MyJio app Tap on the ‘Mobile' option Tap on ‘Increase Credit limit’ under 'Add-ons & payments' section Here you can view your credit limit and pay to increase your credit limit Using www.jio.com: Click here to log in with your Jio number and verify the OTP Click on the ‘Settings’ icon, under ‘Bill Settings’ select the ‘Credit Limit’ option Tap on 'Pay bill' to view your credit limit and pay to increase your credit limit. Note: The security deposit (including any enhancement done via self-care) is a refundable amount which will be refunded at the time of Permanent Cancellation of postpaid services/migration to prepaid after adjusting any dues. The enhanced security deposit cannot be downgraded or adjusted against the postpaid bill while the number is active. The enhanced security deposit amount will increase the assigned and the available credit limit by the same amount. Additional Credit Limit: In case you anticipate higher usage for an interim period, you can make an advance bill payment to continue uninterrupted service. This advance payment will impact your available credit limit. However, this additional payment has to be over and above the outstanding bill amount.",
"How to increase the credit limit of my Jio postpaid number? You can pay an additional security deposit to increase the credit limit of your Jio postpaid number using the MyJio app or visit Jio.com. The amount paid will remain as a security deposit. Please follow the steps below: Using the MyJio app: Log in to the MyJio app with your Jio number and verify the OTP Tap on the ‘Mobile' option from the top header Tap on ‘Increase Credit limit’ under 'Add-ons & payments' section Enter the amount and tap on pay Select the preferred payment option and make the payment to increase the credit limit Using Jio.com: Click here to log in with your Jio number and verify the OTP Go to ‘My account’, click on the ‘Settings’ icon, under ‘Bill Settings’ select the ‘Credit Limit’ option Enter the amount and click on pay Select the preferred payment option and make the payment to increase the credit limit Note:The security deposit (including any enhancement done via self-care) is a refundable amount which will be refunded at the time of Permanent Cancellation of postpaid services/migration to prepaid after adjusting any dues The enhanced security deposit cannot be downgraded or adjusted against the postpaid bill while the number is active The enhanced security deposit amount will increase the assigned and the available credit limit by the same amount. Additional Credit Limit:In case you anticipate higher usage for an interim period, you can make an advance bill payment to continue uninterrupted service. This advance payment will impact your available credit limit. However, this additional payment has to be over and above the outstanding bill amount.",
"I opted for a postpaid plan in the middle of the bill cycle. How much data will I get? Plan Entitlements (including data) are assigned on a prorated basis for the first bill cycle. From the next bill cycle onwards, you will get the benefits for the complete bill cycle. E.g., if you have taken the connection on the 15th of the month for a plan which is given 2x GB data per month and the bill cycle is the 1st of every month, then the first bill will be generated for 15 days only and you will get x GB data for 15 days.",
"How to change the tariff plan of my Jio postpaid number? You can change the tariff plan of your postpaid number using the MyJio app or by logging into your account on Jio.com. Please follow the steps below: Using the MyJio app: Log in to the MyJio app with your Jio number and verify the OTP Tap on the ‘Mobile’ option from the top header Select the ‘View plan’ option Select the ‘Change plan’ option and tap on ‘Buy’ Now tap on ‘Proceed’ and confirm to change the plan Post successful confirmation, the plan will come into effect within the next 24 hours You will also receive a confirmation SMS, once the plan is changed in your account Using Jio.com: Click here to log in with your Jio number and verify the OTP Under the 'My Plans' option, scroll down and select the ‘Change Plan’ option Now tap on ‘Proceed’ and confirm to change the plan Post successful confirmation, the plan will come into effect within the next 24 hours You will also receive a confirmation SMS, once the plan is changed in your account Note: The data balance of your current plan will be forfeited on the bill plan change date and new plan entitlements will be applied to the account.",
"Is e-Bill mandatory if I opt for a postpaid plan? Yes, an e-Bill is mandatory for all Jio postpaid users. You will receive the e-Bill on your registered email id. You can also update your email id by logging into the MyJio app or visit Jio.com.",
"How many days before the end of the bill cycle, do I need to place the request for a bill plan change? You can request for bill plan change 48 hours before the bill cycle ends. Click here to know how to change the bill plan and details on when the new plan comes into effect.",
"Can I recharge with the available ISD/IR packs? You may recharge with the ISD/IR packs and use the services if there is no pending bill or the credit limit is not exhausted. The ISD service is pre-activated and the IR service can be activated by logging in to Jio.com. You will be able to use the services as per the credit limit available on your Jio number.",
"Can I recharge with Top Up packs? Top Up recharges are not applicable for postpaid customers.",
"How will I get to know that my request for a bill plan change is successfully submitted? You will receive an SMS confirmation post submitting the request for a bill plan change. A planned change confirmation SMS will be sent once your new plan gets activated.",
"What will be my postpaid bill cycle and can I change it under regular plans? The bill cycle is assigned automatically by the system, depending on the activation date. You can check the bill cycle date by logging into the MyJio app or Jio.com. The option to change the pre-assigned Bill Cycle date is not available.",
"What is the password for my postpaid e-Bill? You will receive your e-Bill on your registered email ID. You will require an 8-characters password to open this file. The password for opening the PDF is a combination of the first 4 letters of the name in which your connection is registered (in lower case) as it appears on your Jio postpaid account (ignore spaces in the name if any) and the last 4-digits of your Jio postpaid number. For example: If your name is Ramesh Kumar and your Jio postpaid number is 9XXXXX7007, then your password will be rame7007 If your name is R. M. Kumar and your Jio postpaid number is 9XXXXX7007, then your password will be r.m.7007 If your name is R MKumar and your Jio postpaid number is 9XXXXX7007, then your password will be rmku7007 You can also save the file for future reference or even print copies if needed.",
"What are the late fee charges if I pay my postpaid after the due date? If you are unable to pay by the due date, a late fee of ₹100 or 2%, whichever is higher, will be charged on your next bill.",
"How can I register for JioAutoPay on my postpaid connection? You can register for JioAutoPay via the MyJio app or Jio.com by using a bank account number and authenticating via net banking or debit card.",
"How can I pay for my Jio postpaid number after the service is barred or suspended? Jio provides you with various options to pay your bills via Jio.com and the MyJio app. You can make payment using debit/credit cards and net banking. You can also visit the nearest Jio store and make cash payments against your bill.",
"What is the benefit of enrolling for JioAutoPay? JioAutoPay is an automated bill payment instruction given by a customer to Jio. It ensures payments due to Jio are paid automatically every month. You can register for JioAutoPay via the MyJio app or Jio.com by using a bank account number and authenticating via net banking or debit card.",
"Will I be charged additional taxes on JioPostPaid plans? Yes, taxes will be charged on the monthly rental and additional usage charges, if any. Below are the charges applicable for all of India (including Jammu & Kashmir) CGST: 9% SGST: 9% Total applicable GST = CGST + SGST = 18%",
"What is a family plan? JioPostPaid Plus is a family plan that allows you to enjoy a single postpaid plan for your entire family. Family plans under JioPostPaid Plus enable you to share your data with your family members. In addition to the convenience of a single bill and single payment, you also enjoy additional savings when you opt for a family plan.",
"How do I manage family plan? In a family plan, there must be one parent connection and up to 3 child connections. Customers who have recharged with ₹399 or ₹699 plans will have the option to add remove child. Steps to manage family plan are mentioned below: MyJio Open MyJio and go to My Plan section Click on ‘Manage Family plan’ banner You will see option to ‘Add member’ into family pool Enter child connection number to be added Verify OTP received at child connection Your child is successfully added. 5 GB data/ month will be added in the family data pool. Parent bill will carry an additional charge of ₹99 per month per child plan added in family account. Once a child account is added, you may choose to remove it at any point of time. Jio.com Open MyJio and go to My Plan section Click on ‘Manage Family plan’ banner You will see option to ‘Add member’ into family pool Enter child connection number to be added Verify OTP received at child connection Your child is successfully added. 5 GB data/month will be added in the family data pool (Parent will also get an additional charge of ₹99 per month.) Once the child is added, you may choose to remove at any point of time",
"What are the call charges to other networks? There are currently no charges for calls to other networks. All calls for JioPostPaid Plus users are truly unlimited.",
"I have a Jio prepaid connection, how can I get JioPostPaid Plus connection on the same number? Yes, you can migrate your prepaid number to new JioPlus Postpaid plans yourself. Follow the below simple steps for hassle free migration. Open MyJio App and click on Prepaid to Postpaid migration banner. You will get an OTP on the registered mobile number Enter the OTP and you will see new postpaid plans Select the JioPlus postpaid plan and proceed.",
"How can I share data with Jio Postpaid Plus family members? To have better control over your family usage, you can transfer data to each child account added to your Jio Postpaid Plus's family plan. Data transfer can be done up to 5 times for each child account. Please follow the steps below: Step 1: Open the MyJio app Step 2: Tap on ‘Share Data’ under ‘Manage Family Plan’ Step 3: Set data for the child account and proceed",
"I already have a Jio prepaid connection, can I have a postpaid connection as well? Yes, you can have both Jio prepaid and Jio postpaid connections at the same time.",
"What are the benefits of the security suite offered in JioPostPaid plans? JioSecurity is an advanced mobile security app powered by Norton Mobile Security that provides the following benefits: Protection against digital threats like risky apps Controls to safeguard your online privacy Lost or stolen device recovery when you need it Single subscription for up to 10 mobile devices Support for Android and iOS devices. Please click here for details",
"How do I add connections to my Jio Postpaid Plus family plan? You can add a new connection to your Jio Postpaid Plus's family plan in a few simple step: Step 1: Open the MyJio app Step 2: Tap on ‘Manage Family Plan’ from My Plans Step 3: Enter the Jio Number you wish to add to your plan Step 4: Validate using OTP and click on ‘Proceed’ NOTE: In case you want to add a new connection as a child to the family plan, you will be provided with on-boarding codes inside the MyJio app. You need to share these code(s) with our home delivery agent/Jio store official for direct on-boarding to a child plan.",
"How many members can be added to a family plan? The number of family members in a family plan depends on the selected plan. Click to know plan details.",
"How long will it take to add my family members to a single plan? It takes up to 24 hours to add a connection to your family plan. You will receive a notification once the members have been added.",
"Will my family member receive bills for their usage? No, family plans come with the convenience of one common bill for the entire family. You can check the bill details for all the members in a single bill.",
"I have an existing postpaid SIM from a competitor. How do I shift my connection to Jio without changing my current number? You can retain your existing postpaid number and shift your connection to JioPostPaid Plus through MNP (Mobile Number Portability).",
"The postpaid connections in my family are under different names and registered addresses. Can I add them to my JioPostpaid Plus family plan? Existing Jio postpaid customers can be added to a family plan even if they are under different names and registered addresses in the same telecom circle. If your family member is in a different telecom circle, you would have to visit your nearest Jio Store to initiate the process of porting that number through Inter State MNP process. If you want to add non-Jio connections, visit your nearest Jio Store and share identity proof and address proof to initiate porting the connection to Jio. To buy a new connection or to switch with the same number, visit our website",
"What is the process of Porting my number from other operators? The following steps need to be followed for porting a number to Jio: In case of store purchase SMS PORT <10-digit mobile number> to 1900 from your existing number which needs to be ported to Jio You will get an SMS that will contain the UPC (Unique porting code) and its expiry date Clear all your pending dues with the current operator Walk into the nearest Jio Store or Jio Retailer with the UPC Carry your original Aadhaar card or original Proof of Address (POA)/Proof of Identity (POI) documents to place MNP request In case of home delivery Schedule a home delivery via Jio.com SMS PORT <10-digit mobile number> to 1900 from your existing number which needs to be ported to Jio You will get an SMS that will contain the UPC code and its expiry date Clear all your pending dues with the current operator Provide UPC to Jio home delivery agent Show your original Aadhaar card or original Proof of Address (POA)/Proof of Identity (POI) documents to place an MNP request Note: As per the regulations of government, if you are porting in within the same telecom circle, the number will be activated within 3 working days after successful validation. For porting into other telecom circles, it will take up to 5 working days. Your services will not be interrupted in the intervening period. Port-in requests from Jammu & Kashmir, Assam, and North East will be processed within 15 working days. Your services will not be interrupted in the intervening period",
"Will my number stop working for some time if I opt for Mobile Number Portability (MNP)? Porting to Jio is a seamless process. There is practically no downtime while transitioning from your current operator to Jio.",
"Can my family members change their plans or purchase Data add-on? Yes, a family member can purchase Data add-on. In case the family member opts for a bill plan change, then they will be removed from the family plan and individual billing will start for that member.",
"What is data rollover and how much data rollover is possible in Jio Postpaid Plus plan? Unused data in your plan in the current month would be added to the next month’s data quota. The data rollover limit depends on your Jio Postpaid Plus plan and ranges from 200 GB to 500 GB. Data roll over carried forward to next month is as follows: Jio Postpaid Plus plan Name ₹399 Plan, ₹599 Plan, ₹799 Plan ₹999 Plan, ₹1499 Plan Data rollover [Carry forward unused data] Up to 200 GB Up to 500 GB Note: Data rollover is not applicable in latest Jio Plus plans",
"How can I remove a family member from a family plan? Follow the steps below to remove a number from your family plan: Step 1: Open the MyJio app Step 2: Tap on ‘Manage Family Plan’ once child accounts are added to the group Step 3: Tap on ‘Remove’ if you wish to remove the child's account Step 4: Tap on the confirmation popup to remove a child account",
"How long does it take to convert Jio Prepaid to Postpaid? The conversion from Jio Prepaid to Jio Postpaid happens instantaneously.",
"Are there any pre-conditions for mobile number porting? You should have completed 90 days (from the date of activation of your mobile connection) with your current operator. You should have cleared all outstanding payments with your current operator. You should have no pending request for a change of ownership of the mobile number. Your mobile number you wish to port should not be sub-judice i.e., it should not be involved in any case pending before a Court of Law.",
"Can my family member change plans? In case a family member opts for a bill plan change, he/she will be removed from the family plan and individual billing will start for that member.",
"Is Home Delivery of SIM available for JioPostPaid Plus plans? Yes, you can click here to buy a postpaid SIM online and get it delivered to your doorstep.",
"Can I add my postpaid JioFi number to my family plan? Yes, you can add your postpaid JioFi number to your family plan. However, the data benefits of the existing postpaid JioFi plan will cease to exist and the benefits on the primary number can be shared by the dongle number.",
"How can I request for home delivery of a JioPostPaid Plus SIM? .support-video-wrapper a { color: #000093; } To place a home delivery request, visit Jio.com >> Get Jio SIM >> Home Delivery >> Enter your details. Click to place a request. Home delivery service is currently available in select cities. In case your city is not in the covered areas, you can pick up the JioPostPaid Plus SIM from your nearest Jio store.",
"Do I need to buy all the SIMs at the same time to get a family connection? No, you can also purchase SIMs for children at a later date.",
"My son/daughter already has a Jio prepaid connection. Can I add him/her to my JioPostPaid Plus family plan? In case your family member is using a prepaid SIM, the connection needs to be changed to postpaid before you can add him/her to your family plan.",
"Will all of my family members' data get rolled over while using Jio Postpaid Plus plan? No, once data is allocated to a family member on your Jio Postpaid Plus plan, it will not be considered for roll-over. Only data available with the main subscriber will be rolled over up to the limit of 200 GB or 500 GB (or as applicable).",
"Is it possible to change the date and time of delivery? Our home delivery agent would give you a call before visiting the delivery location. Please connect with our agent directly for a revised time of delivery.",
"What is the recurring/default data transfer option in my JioPostPaid Plus family plan? JioPostPaid Plus family plan allows you to share a specific amount of data with the family members enrolled in the plan. It also allows you to set recurring/default data transfers to your family members using the MyJio app. Once the primary SIM holder decides the total amount of data to be shared with every family member, the system will automatically ensure data transfer to the family members at the start of every bill cycle.",
"How do I track the status of my order? Click here to track the status of your order. You can also track the status of your order through the MyJio app. Open MyJio >> Visit JioCare > Track Order.",
"How does the recurring/default data transfer facility in the JioPostPaid Plus plan benefit me? With the data transfer facility of the JioPostPaid Plus family plan, you have the convenience of adjusting the data transfer to a family member just once. The plan will automatically transfer the data to the family members in every bill cycle.",
"What is the timing of your store? Our stores are open from 10 AM to 8 PM, all days of the week. However, the store timings are subject to guidelines issued by local authorities.",
"How can I define the recurring/default data transfer amount for each member in the JioPostPaid family plan? Follow the steps below on jio.com and the MyJio app to define the recurring/default data transfer amount for each member in the JioPostPaid family plan: Using the MyJio app: Enter the MyJio app Enter the ‘MyPlans’ section Go to ‘Manage Family Plan’ Tap on ‘Update Percentage’ Input % of total family plan data to be shared (E.g., 0%, 5%, 10%, 15%, 20%, and 25%) Tap on ‘Process’ Using www.jio.com: Click on the ‘Sign In’ Option Enter your mobile number and the OTP Click on ‘SELFCARE’ Click on 'My Plans' Select ‘Manage Family plan’ Click on ‘Update Percentage’ Input % of total family plan data to be shared (E.g., 0%, 5%, 10%, 15%, 20%, and 25%) Click on ‘Process’ Note: Data percentage defined will be applicable at the start of the next bill cycle.",
"How do I contact customer care? MyJio app empowers you to carry out almost all tasks related to your connection from your mobile phone. Some of the service-related features of the MyJio app include: Plan and usage information Billing and payment history Bill payment and AutoPay setting Managing connections like family plan, ISD/IR Live chat FAQs and How to Videos Troubleshooting/complaint status Tracking orders You can chat with us on MyJio or www.jio.com. Alternatively, you can also call us on 199 for queries related to mobile services",
"How much data I can transfer to my family member in JioPostPaid family plans? You can transfer a total of 50% of your data to your family members in the JioPostPaid Plus family plan, subject to individual limits. You can choose to transfer between 5%, 10%, 15%, and 20% of the total data to your family members, individually. You can send a maximum of only 20% to individual family members under the recurring data transfer plan. If you want to send more than 20% of your total data to a family member, you can only use the one-time data transfer facility. The one-time transfer of data will let you share 50% of your data. However, it is not a recurring activity.",
"How to check the current plan details? You can check your plan details including data usage and subscription status by simply logging in to the MyJio app. You can find your current plan details and view your bill cycle under ‘Mobile’ >> ‘Current Plan’ >> 'View plan'",
"Is there an option to manage a plan for the family member/customer in the JioPostPaid Plus family plan? If you have a JioPostPaid Plus family plan, you have three options to manage data transfer. Recurring Plan - You can set a recurring data transfer amount in the MyJio app. Your family members will automatically get the set data amount at the start of every month. You can share 5%, 10%, 15%, or 20% of your total data with individual members every month. You can share up to 50% of your total data with your family members in this plan. One-Time Transfer - You can transfer up to 50% of your total data limit to your family members in a bill cycle. It is not a recurring plan, and you will have to manually transfer data at the start of every month. One-Time Transfer + Recurring Plan - You can choose to share data via the recurring plan and also you can select the one-time data transfer option for your family member. However, the total amount of data shared cannot be more than 50% of your total allocated data in the JioPostPaid Plus family plan.",
"How can I check my usage/data balance? Your usage details are available under MyJio >> ‘Mobile’ >> ‘Check Usage’.",
"What is the maximum number of times that I can transfer data to a family member in one bill cycle of the Jio PostPaid Plus family plan? You can transfer data 5 times for 1 family member. Maximum capping of 15 times for all family members in one bill cycle from your JioPostPaid Plus family plan.",
"Where can I view my past invoices and payment history? Past invoices and payment history are available in the MyJio app under ‘Telecom’ >> ‘Mobile >> Transaction’.",
"I have exhausted my monthly data quota in the Jio PostPaid Plus family plan. Can a family member transfer data back to me?\nNo, a family member cannot transfer additional data to you or any other data member in the case of data quota exhaustion. No, a family member cannot transfer additional data to you or any other data member in the case of data quota exhaustion.",
"How do I reach JioCare with JioPostpaid Plus? Reaching JioCare is now easier than ever. Open the MyJio app to use ‘HelloJio’, the virtual voice assistant. You can also browse through Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) or use the Live Chat option to get answers to your queries. You can download the MyJio app from Android Play Store or iOS App Store. Click here to contact us.",
"I want to cancel the recurring/default data transfer facility in the Jio PostPaid Plus family plan. How can I do this? If you want to reduce the recurring data amount to your family member, then follow the steps below: Using the MyJio app: Open the MyJio app Enter the ‘My Plans’ section Go to ‘Manage Family Plan’ Tap on ‘Update Percentage’ Input % (Set 0%) for selected family members (E.g., 0%, 5%, 10%, 15% and 20%) Tap on ‘Process’ Using www.jio.com: Click on the ‘Sign In’ Option Insert your mobile number and the OTP Click on ‘SELFCARE’ Click on 'My Plans' Select ‘Manage family plan’ Select ‘Share-Plan’ Click on ‘Update Percentage’ Input % (Set 0%) for selected family members (E.g., 0%, 5%, 10%, 15%, 20%, and 25%) Click on ‘Process’ If you want to simply stop sharing the data with a family member, then just enter ‘0%’ while inputting the data amount to be shared, in the steps above.",
"How do I track the status of my complaint? You can check the status of your request and complaints under the JioCare section >> Track Service requests.",
"How can I pay my postpaid bill? You can pay your bill by logging in to the MyJio app or Jio.com. You can view your bill amount under Mobile >> ‘Bills & Statement’ section >> ‘Overview’ tab. Press on ‘Pay Now’ to pay your outstanding bill. You can pay your Jio postpaid bill using any one of these payment options: Credit card Debit card Net banking e-Wallets UPI You can register for JioAutoPay via the MyJio app or Jio.com by using a bank account number and authenticating via net banking or debit card. You can visit the nearest Jio Store and pay via cash, UPI, credit card, and debit card. You can pay for any of the Jio retailer outlets using Jio UPI.",
"Is e-Bill mandatory if I opt for this plan? Yes, an e-Bill is mandatory for all JioPostPaid Plus customers.",
"Can I get a hard copy of my postpaid bill? We are an eco-friendly company and dissuade from printing paper as much as possible. Therefore, we do not send hard copies of the bill. We will mail you the e-Bill that you can print. In case of a necessity, we can help you with a print out at your nearest Jio office (for a TRAI regulated fees of ₹50).",
"What is my Credit Limit? You can view your current credit limit in the MyJio app under ‘Settings’ > ‘Credit Limit’",
"How can I increase the credit limit of my account for JioPostpaid Plus? You can pay an additional deposit to enhance the credit limit. Please log in to the MyJio app or Jio.com and select the option to enhance the credit limit. The amount paid will remain as a security deposit. In case you anticipate higher usage for an interim period, you can make an advance bill payment to continue uninterrupted service.",
"Why are you asking for security deposit for JioPostPaid Plus? There is no security deposit for users who have a good credit history/score. Additionally, postpaid users from other operators, porting their numbers to Jio need not pay any security deposit. For other users, a security deposit ensures that they enjoy a host of services including international roaming without any upfront payment.",
"How will I get my security deposit refunded for terminating the JioPostPaid Plus connection? If you choose to terminate the connection, you need to settle your last outstanding bill along with any other pending dues, if any. The security deposit will get refunded through bank transfer. Post clearance of dues and disconnection of your number from Jio, you will receive an email/SMS, which will have a deep link, wherein you can update your bank details for faster processing of refund via direct bank transfer. The process of refund usually takes up to 15 days after we receive the required bank details. The link is valid for 7 days from the date it is shared with you. In case the bank details updated by you via the link do not match the bank records, then the direct bank transfer attempt will fail. In such a scenario, you will have to share the NEFT details with us at email ID (Care@Jio.Com)",
"What will be my postpaid bill cycle and can I change it under Jio Postpaid plans? Bill cycles are assigned automatically by the system depending upon the activation date. You can check the bill cycle date by logging into the MyJio app or Jio.com. The option to change the pre-assigned bill cycle date is not available.",
"I opted for a postpaid plan in the middle of the bill cycle. How much data will I get? Plan Entitlements (including data) are assigned on a prorated basis for the first bill cycle. From the next bill cycle onwards, you will get the benefits for the complete bill cycle. E.g., if you have taken the connection on the 15th of the month for a plan which is given 2x GB data per month and the bill cycle is the 1st of every month, then the first bill will be generated for 15 days only and you will get x GB data for 15 days.",
"When is the bill generated for my service and when is the due date for payment? Your bill is generated on the bill cycle date. You will get 15 days to make the payment after the bill generation date.",
"What happens in case the JioPostpaid Plus bill is not paid by the bill due date? Late payment charges start applying if the bill is not paid by the due date. In case of non-payment, outgoing voice calls, data, and other services may get barred. Non-payment of dues may also lead to the termination of the connection.",
"Are there any additional subscription or rentals charged for activating IR service? There are no subscription or monthly rentals for activating IR service.",
"How to access the Jio PostPaid Plus User Guide? You can access the step-by-step user guide for all JioPostPaid Plus features by clicking here.",
"Is JioCinema Premium available in Jio mobility postpaid plans? The subscription to JioCinema app is provided with applicable mobility prepaid and postpaid plans, however, JioCinema premium content is not complimentary with the same and customers are required to subscribe to the JioCinema premium by making applicable payments on the app.",
"How is Pre-on-Post different from the 4G data vouchers? 4G data vouchers work as per the bill cycle and give pro-rated benefits only. Pre-on-Post will work exactly like a prepaid recharge, giving immediate flexibility of data benefits.",
"Where can I do Pre-on-Post recharges from? Pre-on-Post recharges are available on Jio.com, MyJio, and any of the Jio Stores, Reliance Digital or Digital Xpress (Dx) Minis which sell prepaid recharges.",
"What are Pre-on-Post Plans? Pre-on-Post is a recharge facility from Jio that allows postpaid users to get the benefits of prepaid recharges on their postpaid numbers. These recharges will work irrespective of the bill cycle, giving the full benefit (and not pro-rated).",
"How is Pre-on-Post different from the regular rentals for postpaid users? For Pre-on-Post, payment is made in advance (like prepaid packs) and these will not affect your overall/monthly bill.",
"How will data entitlement be used when multiple 4G data vouchers are queued along with a Pre-on-Post plan? To start of data will be used from the postpaid entitlement, then the postpaid add-on packs, followed by the prepaid entitlement, and finally the prepaid 4G data voucher.",
"Can I recharge and use Pre-on-Post if my postpaid services are barred? If your bills are overdue and services are barred, you will be prompted to make a bill payment when trying to do a Pre-on-post recharge.",
"Are COCP customers eligible for Pre-on-Post recharges? Yes, Jio Corporate/Enterprise customers can avail of the Pre-on-Post benefits.",
"Can I recharge and use Pre-on-Post if my postpaid services are barred due to an outstanding amount? In case a postpaid number is barred due to non-payment of previous dues, you will not be able to recharge with or use Pre-on-post entitlements. Also, the validity of the pre-on-post plan will not get changed due to payment-related barring.",
"What are the benefits of Pre-on-Post plans? As a postpaid customer, if you want the convenience of a prepaid recharge without waiting till the end of your bill cycle period to renew the data add-on benefits, Pre-on-Post recharges are a perfect choice.",
"Can I recharge with Pre-on-Post plan if I have exhausted my credit limit? If you have exhausted your monthly credit limit, you will be prompted with a message to make a payment of the bill or security deposit before trying to do a Pre-on-Post recharge.",
"Is the facility available to all postpaid customers of other operators? Yes, this is available to all existing postpaid users of other operators.",
"What is the benefit of this WhatsApp-based credit limit facility? The facility lets you join JioPostpaid Plus and enjoy its rich features without changing your number. You also get a pre-approved credit limit which you enjoyed with your existing operator. Additionally, you do not have to pay any security deposit while porting your number to Jio.",
"What are the documents and processes required to get the Credit Limit facility? All you need is a recent postpaid bill from your existing operator (the bills should not be older than 2 months). Below are the steps to avail of this offer: Share a copy of your recent postpaid bill on WhatsApp no 88501-88501 from the number you intend to port (please ensure the same number is mentioned on your postpaid bill). You can upload a PDF copy of the bill or an image of the bill. Ensure that uploaded copy is legible and has details like your name, phone number, credit limit, billing details, etc Once uploaded, our team would validate your document. If all the details match, you would get a success message on SMS/email. Your pre-approved credit limit would be pre-configured and set in the Jio system against your existing number You can walk into any Jio store to get a Jio postpaid connection or port your existing number to Jio. Kindly carry your KYC document (preferably your Aadhar Card) You do not have to pay any fee or security deposit while switching to Jio",
"Can I switch to Jio without changing my existing mobile number? Yes, you can port to Jio while retaining your existing mobile number by opting for Mobile Number Portability (MNP) service.",
"What is the process of porting a mobile number to Jio? Porting your existing number to Jio is a simple and hassle-free process. Online request and FREE Home Delivery: Request a Jio SIM card here Enter Name and Mobile Number Enter OTP Provide plan preference – Prepaid or Postpaid Select ‘Port to Jio’ Enter location details for Jio SIM to be delivered and you are done Our executive will reach out to you to assist with SIM delivery and porting your number to Jio. You can track the status of your request through MyJio app. You can download MyJio here. Please note: SIM Home Delivery is available free of cost. Or Visiting Jio Store: Walk into the nearest Jio Store or Jio retailer outlet with a valid identity and address proof. Trying to locate a Jio Store near you? Find here.",
"What are the benefits of porting to Jio? Porting to Jio opens a whole new world of benefits. Some of the key benefits include: Faster data speeds and better voice quality owing to pan-India 4G network Prepaid plans providing maximum value for money Unlimited voice calls to anywhere in India and across any network Complimentary access to Jio's bouquet of apps – JioTV, JioCinema, JioNews, JioGames, etc. Access to premium third-party OTT services on select prepaid and postpaid plans",
"Are there any charges for porting my number to Jio? Porting your number to Jio is absolutely FREE. There are no home delivery charges, no activation charges, and no security deposit.",
"What documents do I need to port my mobile number to Jio? You need a Unique Porting Code (UPC) and valid Proof of Identity (POI) and Proof of Address (POA) document such as Aadhaar, Voter ID, Passport, or Driving License. Alternatively, you can also use the eKYC facility. Check the steps to generate Unique Porting Code here.",
"How to generate a Unique Porting Code (UPC)? You can generate a Unique Porting Code (UPC) by sending an SMS: PORT(Space)Mobile Number to 1900.You will receive the code via SMS from 1901. Please note that the code is valid only for 4 days. *Please note: The validity of the Unique Porting Code for Jammu & Kashmir and North-eastern states is 30 days.",
"How long does it take to port the existing mobile number to Jio? Mobile Number Portability (MNP) request placed within the same state/circle takes 3 working days and 5 working days for a different state, post sharing the Unique Porting Code (UPC) and valid documents (Proof of Address and Proof of Identity) with our executive. *Please note, the porting process for Jammu & Kashmir and North-eastern states takes 15 days as per regulatory norms.",
"Will my mobile number become inactive while porting to Jio? You may experience a few minutes of number disconnection, about which you will be duly informed. As per the standard process, porting is carried out at night, so that service disruption is minimum.",
"Is there any additional requirement while porting a postpaid connection to Jio? In case you wish to port your postpaid mobile number from any other operator to Jio, make sure that the latest bill outstanding plus any unbilled amount with the current operator is paid and there is no contractual obligation in your current number. Additionally, your number should be at least 90 days old with the current operator. Once you raise a porting request online, our executive will call you and explain the process in detail. You can also walk into the nearest Jio Store and get the details about the porting process. However, carry valid identity and address proofs, such as Aadhaar, Voter ID, Passport, or Driving License, when you are visiting our store. To locate a Jio Store near you, check here.",
"Can I carry forward my existing Credit Limit while porting to Jio Postpaid? Yes, Jio provides a new WhatsApp-based facility that helps you transfer your postpaid Credit Limit from the current operator to Jio.",
"What is the benefit of the WhatsApp based credit Limit Facility for porting to Jio Postpaid? WhatsApp-based Credit Limit facility lets you join JioPostPaid Plus and enjoy its rich features without changing your number and at the same time, you get a pre-approved credit limit which you enjoyed with your existing operator. Additionally, you do not have to pay any security deposit while switching your mobile number to Jio.",
"What are the documents and processes required to avail of the Credit Limit transfer facility? To transfer the Credit Limit, you just need your existing operator’s recent (not older than 2 months) postpaid bill. Here are the steps to process it: Share a copy of your recent postpaid bill on WhatsApp number (88501-88501) from the mobile number which you intend to port and is mentioned on your postpaid bill. Upload either a PDF copy of the bill or an image of the bill. Ensure that the copy uploaded is legible and has details like your name, phone number, credit limit, and billing details. Once uploaded, our team will verify your document. If all the details match, you’ll receive an update via SMS. Your pre-approved Credit Limit would be pre-configured in the Jio system against your existing number. You can walk into any Jio Store to get a Jio Postpaid connection/SIM with your KYC document/s (Aadhaar card preferred) and your number will be ported to Jio. You can also place an online request for porting and we will have your new Jio Postpaid SIM home delivered at no cost.",
"What are the charges applicable for a new SIM card? .support-video-wrapper a { color: #000093; } Getting a Jio SIM is completely free. However, you need to activate an applicable plan at the time of collecting the SIM card. Get Free SIM Home Delivered Click here.",
"How do I pay for my SIM purchase? You can pay the JIO representative using cash or credit/debit card.",
"What are the documents required to get a new SIM? Following original documents can be shown as Proof or Identity (POI) and Proof of Address (POA) : Aadhaar, Voter ID & Passport. For eKYC based Jio SIM activation process, Only your biometric finger impression and Aadhaar details is required.",
"How do I reschedule the home delivery of my Jio SIM? To reschedule your Jio SIM delivery, please contact the delivery person/rider directly. You will receive a new link where you can choose a new time slot. Please note, that you will be able to reschedule your home delivery only once.",
"What are the current Jio Postpaid and Prepaid Plans? Jio Prepaid Plans: https://www.jio.com/en-in/4g-plans Jio Postpaid Plans: https://www.jio.com/postpaid-4g-plans",
"How do I convert the current Jio Prepaid to Jio Postpaid connection? To migrate your prepaid number to the new JioPlus Postpaid, follow the below simple steps: Open the MyJio app and click on the Prepaid to Postpaid migration banner Verify details and enter the OTP received Select a JioPlus Postpaid plan from the available options and proceed",
"How long does it take for a new SIM card to get activated? It may take anywhere from a few hours to a couple of days for the SIM to get activated depending on whether it is a new number or a ported number. You will be informed of this duration after you place the order.",
"I did not receive SMS containing any rider details after I placed my order for the home delivery of Jio SIM. What should I do now? You will generally receive the SMS carrying the rider details 40-60 minutes prior to the scheduled time of your Jio SIM delivery. However, in rare situations, if you receive no such SMS, the rider will contact you before visiting your premises for the delivery.",
"I did not receive SMS with OTP on my mobile number while trying to schedule the home delivery of Jio SIM. What should I do now? In case you do not receive SMS with OTP on your mobile number you can re-try with some other mobile number. We would use this registered mobile number for all future communications.",
"Do I need any offer code to get SIM home delivered? Yes, the rider who will be visiting your home on behalf of Jio to issue the Jio SIM will ask you for an offer code. If you have purchased a JioFi, the IMEI of the device will be your offer code. IMEI is usually printed on the box & on the inside of the battery space of the device. If you have purchased a 4G smartphone, please download MyJio App, click on ‘Get Jio SIM’, enter your details & generate the coupon code. Please note that only one SIM can be issued on a single offer code.",
"What should I do if the rider does not arrive at my place within the scheduled time of delivery? In case rider does not reach your premises within the scheduled time for delivery of SIM, please call the rider on his mobile number provided. You will have received an SMS carrying the details of the assigned rider 40-60 mins before your scheduled delivery slot. In exceptional cases, if your rider is not able to deliver the SIM within the scheduled time period, we will proactively send you an SMS with the reason for non-delivery along with a link to re-schedule the order.",
"How can I avail home delivery of Jio SIM? You can request for a SIM home delivery by placing the request on Get Jio SIM page Click here. This service is available in select locations across India.",
"If I order two devices in one order, will I get separate invitation emails for two Jio SIMs? You will receive only one invitation per order. Once the Rider arrives at your address to deliver the SIM, you can inform him that you will require 2 Jio SIMs. Rider will do the activation process for even the additional SIMs.",
"What is a local Aadhaar ID? Local Aadhaar ID refers to the Aadhaar ID issued in the same state where you are applying for a Jio SIM card. For example, Aadhaar ID issued in Maharashtra will be treated as a local Aadhaar ID for Mumbai, Pune or any other cities/towns/districts within Maharashtra. Aadhaar IDs issued in any other state will be treated as Non-Local Aadhaar in these regions.",
"Am I guaranteed to get Home Delivery of Jio SIM with every order? Home delivery of Jio SIM is currently available in select cities & localities only. If Home Delivery is not available in your locality, please visit your nearest Reliance Digital/Dx Mini store with original and a copy of valid Proof of Address (POA), Proof of Identity (POI) documents and a passport size photograph.",
"How will I know if home delivery of Jio SIM is available in my locality? .support-video-wrapper a { color: #000093; } You can check the location serviceability by entering your pin code on the website product page. Appropriate message will be displayed along with a list of localities where the Jio SIM home delivery services are available. Get Free SIM Home Delivered Click here.",
"Are there any subscription or rentals charges for International Roaming (IR) service for Jio Prepaid Plans? No, there are no subscription or monthly rentals for IR service.",
"What are Voice and Data Packs under Jio Prepaid Packs? Jio offers Voice and Data Packs with inflight benefits and free incoming calls for the top countries starting at just ₹499. Here’re the benefits of a Voice and Data Packs: FREE incoming calls (including Wi-Fi Calls) except for ₹1,499 pack Incoming SMS is Free High-speed data and beyond Fair Usage Policy (FUP) which means once you have exhausted your data quota for the day, unlimited internet at 64 kbps Outgoing calls and SMS over Wi-Fi Calling are not allowed (To make calls/SMS disable only Wi-Fi Calling in your device’s Settings.) Additional Inflight benefits in ₹2499, ₹4999, ₹3999 & ₹5999 packs : 100 mins Outgoing calls, 250 MB Data and 100 SMS Incoming calls are not allowed in flight Note: Inflight benefits are applicable only for a single trip for the duration of 24 hrs, inclusive of the pack validityQ Voice, data and SMS service availability will differ from airline to airline, please check the details before purchasing the pack Inflight benefits are only applicable on our Partner Airlines. For list of Airlines Click here Need to recharge or to know more about IR packs? Please click here.",
"How will I be charged for usage while roaming internationally under Jio Prepaid Pack? International Roaming (IR) usage charges will be applicable based on the location where you are travelling in, the roaming network used and the kind of usage (Outgoing Local, Call back to India, Outgoing International, Incoming Calls, SMS & Data) Jio IR charges are applicable as per the following two options: Pay Go IR Rates – Standard rates applicable as default for Jio customers IR Packs As per your requirement, you can avail Jio IR Pay Go service or you can purchase an IR Pack. For low to moderate IR usage across all countries, IR Pay Go service is recommended with rates starting as low as Rs.2 per min. For medium to high usage in selected countries, customers can purchase IR Packs. Kindly note, child account customers will have to buy suitable international roaming pack to make usage in international destination and cannot make usage on PayGo rates. For International Roaming (IR) tariff, kindly visit https://www.jio.com/selfcare/plans/mobility/jio-international-roaming-plans",
"What are the different International Roaming Prepaid Packs offered by Jio? Jio offers you various IR pack options which can be purchased as per your usage requirement post selecting the visited country as shown below: Global Packs: ₹1101 and ₹1102 Packs; applicable in 150+ countries IR Voice & Data Packs: 4 validity options; applicable in up to 50+ countries Annual IR Pack: ₹2799 Pack; applicable in 50+ countries US, Mexico and U.S.V.I Packs: 3 validity options; applicable in 3 countries Plans with free in-flight benefits: 2 validity options; applicable in up to 50+ countries IR Data-only Packs: 3 validity options; applicable in 90+ countries Wi-Fi Calling to India-only (Voice Packs):: 2 validity options; applicable in 150+ countries For more details on IR packs, please click here.",
"What are the benefits/entitlements of the Wi-Fi Calling to India-only (Voice) Packs under Jio Prepaid Packs? Jio offers exclusive Wi-Fi Calling to India-only voice packs at the lowest rate of ₹121 applicable in 150+ countries. These packs can be used for voice calls over Wi-Fi only. Incoming calls from any country can be received Outgoing calls can be made to India only Enable Wi-Fi calling on your handset and connect to a Wi-Fi network to enjoy pack benefits This pack will only work if your handset supports Wi-Fi Calling. Please click here to check your handset’s compatibility. After pack benefits get exhausted, calls from any country at ₹1/min, outgoing calls to India at ₹1/min (charged from credit limit if available until pack expiry) Disable Wi-Fi Calling on your handset for making calls/SMS to local/outside India numbers To enable Wi-Fi Calling/Voice over Wi-Fi in your device to use in IR, please click here. Looking to recharge or need to know more about IR packs? Please click",
"What is a Global (IR) Pack under Jio Prepaid Packs? Jio offers Global Packs which are applicable in 150+ countries with benefits as below: IR Pack MRP Validity Monetary Value IR Pack ₹1101 ₹1101 28 days ₹933.05 IR Pack ₹1102 (with Wi-Fi Calling) ₹1102 28 days ₹933.90 Here’re the benefits of Global Packs: The value can be used for voice calls, SMS and data usage while on International Roaming only. Please check the applicable Standard IR Rates here. The pack also offers 5 International SMSs (ISD SMS) free in addition to the monetary balance. Please click here to recharge as well as to know more about IR packs. Check out the benefits of the ₹1102 Pack with Wi-Fi Calling: Please click here to recharge as well as to know more about IR packs. Incoming from any country at ₹1/min Outgoing calls to India at ₹1/min Video calls to any Jio number at ₹1/min with data deduction from the already available base plan Disable Wi-Fi Calling on your handset for making calls/SMS to local/outside India numbers (Note: Standard Rates apply) To recharge as well as to know more detail on IR packs, please check here",
"What are the benefits of International Roaming (IR) Packs- Rs. 1101/Rs 1102 vs PayGo Rates? If the IR service is already activated then you can use IR services provided you have sufficient monetary balance in your account. In such case, you have to recharge with Top Up voucher to get monetary balance. IR Pack Rs. 1101/Rs. 1102 offers monetary balance and any usage made in IR is charged at standard PayGo rates. Also, IR Pack Rs. 1101/Rs. 1102 pack offers 5 International SMS free which can be used to send ISD SMS while in India.",
"Will I be charged for incoming messages while on International Roaming (IR) under Jio Prepaid Packs? All incoming text messages are free in international roaming (IR).",
"What happens if my International Roaming (IR) pack gets expired while roaming internationally under Jio Prepaid Packs? You can do another recharge of the IR Pack Rs. 1101/Rs. 1102 or Unlimited IR pack through MyJio or jio.com and continue to enjoy International Roaming (IR) services. In case you do not recharge with any of the IR packs, Prepaid Customer - You will be charged at IR PayGo rates subject to availability of sufficient monetary balance (prepaid customers)",
"Can I use only Data while in International Roaming (IR) for prepaid? Yes, you can. We have 4 IR Data-only Packs with 3 validity options in top countries as per your usage needs and apart from these countries, data will be charged at Standard Roaming Rates if no other IR pack is active. For more details on IR Data-only Packs, please click To check the detailed Standard PayGo Rates, please click",
"Can I choose Prepaid International Roaming (IR) Pack for only the number of days I am travelling? Yes. We have different packs with overall 8 validity options to suit all kinds of trips – 1 day/2 days/7 days/10 days packs for short trips and 14 days/21 days/28 days and 30 days packs for longer holiday/stay abroad. Choose the one that best suits your need from the available options and for that, get all the details on IR packs here.",
"Will I be charged for data while on International Roaming (IR) under Jio Prepaid Packs? Data is not chargeable if your pack has data benefits. However after pack benefits get exhausted data speed will be reduced to 64 kbps until pack expiry or if no pack is purchased, Standard PayGo Rates are applicable based on the visited country. To avoid unintentional data usage charges, it is suggested to disable background data. Here’re the IR pack options as per your usage needs: Global Packs: ₹1101 and ₹1102 Packs; applicable in 150+ countries IR Voice & Data Packs: 4 validity options; applicable in up to 50+ countries Annual IR Pack: ₹2799 Pack; applicable in 50+ countries US, Mexico & U.S. Virgin Islands Packs: 3 validity options; applicable in 3 countries Plans with free in-flight benefits: 2 validity options; applicable in up to 50+ countries IR Data-only Packs: 3 validity options; applicable in 90+ countries Wi-Fi Calling to India-only (Voice Packs): 2 validity options; applicable in 150+ countries To recharge or to know more about IR packs, please click here.",
"Will I be charged for incoming calls while on International Roaming (IR) under Jio Prepaid Packs? Incoming calls are free under IR Voice and Data Packs(except ₹1,499) pack users. However, incoming calls are charged for customers using IR Global Packs such as ₹1101/₹1102 and or IR PayGo Rates. Please check Standard IR Rates at the ‘International Roaming (IR) Tariff’ on here For more details on IR packs, please click here.",
"Will I be able to make ISD calls from India, using the International Roaming (IR) pack talk time under Jio Prepaid Packs? No, the International Roaming (IR) pack works only when you are travelling overseas. To make international calls from India, you can recharge your number with our ISD pack available on MyJio & jio.com or you can make ISD calls using monetary balance.",
"Will my International Roaming (IR) service get deactivated post expiry of my International Roaming (IR) prepaid pack? No, the service will remain active even after the expiry of IR pack. In case of usage in International Roaming (IR), you will be charged from your prepaid balance.",
"When will the International Roaming (IR) Pack’s validity start for Rs. 1101/Rs. 1102 pack under prepaid? Your pack will remain in queue until you make an International Call/Data/SMS after reaching the foreign location or, If you send an International SMS available in Global IR Rs. 1101/Rs. 1102 packs while you are still in India.",
"What will happen to unutilized balance International Roaming (IR) Pack of Rs. 1101/Rs. 1102 after validity expiry under Jio Prepaid Packs? The pack balance if any of your IR Rs. 1101/Rs. 1102 pack will get forfeited on pack expiry and it cannot be used.",
"I have subscribed to prepaid International Roaming (IR) Pack Rs. 1101/Rs. 1102 and I have received 5 International SMSs along with this pack, can I use these 5 SMSs while on International Roaming (IR)? No. The 5 International SMSs offered in IR Rs. 1101/Rs. 1102 pack can be used for sending International SMSs from India.",
"What are the new plans with free in-flight benefits? Jio offers Voice and Data Packs with inflight benefits and free incoming calls for the top countries starting at just ₹2499. Additional Inflight benefits in ₹2499, ₹4999, ₹3999 & ₹5999 packs : 100 mins Outgoing calls, 250 MB Data and 100 SMS Incoming calls are not allowed in flight Inflight benefits are applicable only for a single trip for the duration of 24 hrs, inclusive of the pack validity Voice, data and SMS service availability will differ from airline to airline, please check the details before purchasing the pack Inflight benefits are only applicable on our Partner Airlines. For list of Airlines click here",
"I have recharged Prepaid International Roaming (IR) pack. Will I be able to make ISD calls while in India, using the talk time available? No, the International Roaming (IR) pack works only when you are travelling overseas. To make international calls from India, you can recharge your number with our ISD pack available on MyJio & jio.com or you can make ISD calls using monetary balance.",
"I have subscribed to Prepaid International Roaming (IR) Pack 1101/1102, when will the pack validity start? Is it from the time the pack is activated? Or from the time I make or receive the first call or receive/send SMS or use Data on roaming location?\nThe pack validity will start from the time the pack is activated on your account or when the 1st usage happens. The pack validity will start from the time the pack is activated on your account or when the 1st usage happens.",
"I have subscribed to the Prepaid International Roaming (IR) Pack, and have unused Pack balance what will happen to this balance once I return to India or after Pack expiry? The pack balance will get forfeited on pack expiry and it cannot be used while in India.",
"If I have taken Prepaid International Roaming (IR) Pack, do I need to deactivate it after I return to India? No. All our International Roaming (IR) packs are for fixed validity. These expire as soon as the validity is over. You do not need to deactivate the packs at all.",
"What if the country I am travelling to is not covered under the Prepaid International Roaming (IR) packs? You will be charged at standard roaming rates for these countries. For standard roaming rates as per country, please refer the Standard PayGo Rates at International Services Page on www.jio.com",
"How do I select Network when I reach another country to use International Roaming (IR) services for prepaid? You should be able to automatically connect to our Partner Networks whilst roaming. If you face any connectivity issues, please do a manual selection through the Handset Settings on your mobile. If you don’t find an option of preferred network under Handset Settings, please reach us on +917018899999 via WhatsApp or Call us on +917018899999 (Toll Free).",
"What are the benefits of Annual IR Pack ₹2799? Jio offers the most affordable Annual IR Pack for the top countries at just ₹2799. Here’re the benefits of Annual IR Pack: Unlimited incoming SMS 100 minutes for Incoming and Outgoing calls, thereafter PayGo tariff will be applicable Incoming calls includes Wi-Fi Calling, Outgoing calls over Wi-Fi allowed for call back to India only 2 GB High-speed data and beyond that Fair Usage Policy (FUP) which means once you have exhausted your data quota , unlimited internet at 64 kbps Outgoing calls and SMS over Wi-Fi Calling are not allowed (To make calls/SMS disable only Wi-Fi Calling in your device’s Settings) Rest of the World calls will be chargeable, standard PayGo rates apply Applicable in 50+ countries on select partner and network only. Click here for applicable country list. This pack requires manual activation through MyJio or Jio.com and won't be activated on first use. Go to upcoming plan section to activate, click Need to recharge or to know more about IR packs? Please click here.",
"Who can buy this Annual IR Pack? All Prepaid customers can purchase this IR pack except for J&K, Assam and North East customers. For Postpaid, all circle customers can avail this pack. This Pack is currently not available for JioPhone and Jio Bharat devices.",
"Can I Deactivate my Annual IR Pack? If customer has subscribed to any IR pack and its validity has started, then he/she cannot deactivate the pack during its validity.",
"What is the new US-Mexico-U.S.V.I pack for prepaid Jio numbers? Jio offers exclusive packs for most common destinations of North America such as United States, Mexico and U.S. Virgin Islands. Here’s the benefits of these packs: Unlimited incoming calls and SMS Outgoing calls include Local calls within the country and call back to India (wherein call back to India includes Wi-Fi calling as well) Incoming calls can be received form any country including Wi-Fi calling High-speed data and beyond Fair Usage Policy (FUP) which means once you have exhausted your data quota for the day, unlimited internet at 64 kbps Outgoing calls and SMS over Wi-Fi Calling are not allowed (To make calls/SMS disable only Wi-Fi Calling in your device’s Settings.) Standard pay-go rates will be applicable for Rest of the World (ROW) calls Need to recharge or to know more about IR packs? Please click here. Kindly Note: This pack is applicable for US, Mexico and U.S. Virgin Islands only This pack is currently not available for JioPhones and Jio Bharat devices",
"I lost my Phone/SIM in International Roaming. How can I get my Jio SIM (Physical SIM) / eSIM ? If you have lost or damaged your Jio SIM while in International Roaming, click here to suspend the services on your Jio number to avoid any misuse. To initiate the SIM/eSIM replacement of your Jio number, you have to provide your live photograph and biometrics-based authentication at any Jio store in India. As per the DOT (Department of Telecom, Govt of India) guidelines, you must be physically present at the Jio store to capture your biometrics and live photograph for processing any SIM/eSIM request. We request you to visit a Jio store for the replacement of a physical SIM or eSIM once you are back in the country.",
"What is International Roaming (IR) under Jio Prepaid Packs? International Roaming (IR) is a service which allows you to use your Jio SIM while travelling to another country outside India. With your Jio SIM you can travel 130+ countries and enjoy seamless voice, data and SMS service experience.",
"Will my Jio SIM work in all countries under Jio Prepaid Plans? Jio International Roaming (IR) service is available in 130+ countries. You can visit our website www.jio.com to check the list of countries where International Roaming (IR) service is currently available.",
"How do I activate International Roaming (IR) on my Jio number under Prepaid Packs? Post recharge, your IR services will be automatically activated along with the IR pack. This pack gets activated when the first usage happens at the foreign location.",
"I am a Prepaid customer, can I activate the International Roaming (IR) service as a Prepaid customer after reaching another country? If yes, what settings do I need to check on my device? If you are activating IR service for the first time and would like to enjoy seamless IR service across all 130+ countries, then it is required that you purchase IR pack. Your phone will have to be restarted for your IR settings to be processed. Click Here for applicable list of countries Post Pack Purchase (Prepaid & Postpaid) /IR Activation (Postpaid) in the below mentioned countries, if you are unable to register to network then follow the below steps: iPhone: Step 1 : Go to Settings –> Carriers –> and select “Automatic” Go to Settings –> Mobile Data –> and select Data Roaming as \"ON\" Step 2 : In case SIM does not register to network automatically, select the network manually from the handset settings menu Settings –> Carrier –> switch off automatic –> select available operator (refer to the list of operators in above PDF Step 3 : Incase SIM still does not register to network after following Step 1 & Step 2 then switch iPhone on International IMSI Home –> Settings –> Phone –> SIM Application –> International Roaming -> OFF Android: Step 1 : Ensure that in your mobile device, the 'Preferred Network' type is set to GSM/WCDMA/LTE Step 2 : If Device does not register automatically then turn off 'Automatic' and select 'Available network' Settings –>More->Mobile network-> Network Operators (refer to the list of operators in above PDF) Step 3 :If still not registered then look for Jio4G/ STK available on Device Home screen select STK /Jio4G Menu Within STK / Jio4G select International Roaming and select \"OFF\"; Wait for 5 minutes and device will register to network If you face any issue or need assistance, Type ‘Hi’ on our WhatsApp Support at +917018899999 or call us on +91 70188 99999 (toll free). We will answer your call on priority and help resolve any issues.",
"How do I get to know that my International Roaming (IR) service is activated on my number under Jio Prepaid Packs? You will receive a SMS notification on your Jio number once your IR services are activated.",
"Do I need to change settings to be able to use my SIM while on International Roaming (IR) under Jio Prepaid Packs? Generally, all smartphones have auto settings enabled which will register your device on visited network. To ensure seamless experience, we recommend that you check below settings on your device: Automatic Network selection Mode: Needs to be activated on device on device Network Mode: Set in GSM/WCDMA/4G Data roaming mode: Needs to be in Active mode* *To prevent unnecessary data charges, you may switch off Data Roaming. If you face any issue or need assistance, Type ‘Hi’ on our WhatsApp Support at +917018899999 or call us on +91 70188 99999 (toll free). We will answer your call on priority and help resolve any issues.",
"What settings should I do if I am unable to get network in another country apart from 150+ Countries which is listed? You will be able to latch onto the foreign network automatically if your smartphone is on auto network selection mode. If you are unable to get network in the country apart from 150+ countries listed in below PDF, then refer the following simple steps related to settings: Click Here for applicable list of countries Settings to be performed if you are in a country apart from 150+ countries listed in the above PDF: iPhone: Step 1 : Go to Settings –> Carriers –> and select “Automatic” Go to Settings –> Mobile Data –> and select Data Roaming as \"ON\" Step 2 : In case SIM does not register to network automatically, select the network manually from the handset settings menu Settings –> Carrier –> switch off automatic –> select available operator (refer to the list of operators in visited country) Step 3 : Incase SIM still does not register to network after following Step 1 & Step 2 then switch iPhone on International IMSI Home –> Settings –> Phone –> SIM Application –> International Roaming -> \"ON\" Android: Step 1 : Ensure that in your mobile device, the 'Preferred Network' type is set to GSM/WCDMA/LTE Step 2 : If Device does not register automatically then turn off 'Automatic' and select 'Available network' Settings –>More->Mobile network-> Network Operators (refer to the list of operators in visited country) Step 3 :If still not registered then look for Jio4G/ STK available on Device Home screen select STK /Jio4G Menu Within STK / Jio4G select International Roaming and select \"ON\" Wait for 5 minutes and device will register to network If you face any issue or need assistance, Type ‘Hi’ on our WhatsApp Support at +917018899999 or call us on +91 70188 99999 (toll free). We will answer your call on priority and help resolve any issues.",
"What if I am unable to use data services in another country under Jio Prepaid Packs? Android: You will receive automatic APN Settings through SMS / notification post registering to foreign network. You will have to install this configuration by clicking “install” option If you have not received the SMS then manually update the APN Mobile network -> Access Point Name -> Add APN - > Type “Jionet” -> Save & close iPhone: Go to Mobile Data -> Mobile data options -> Mobile data network -> APN -> Type “Jionet” then add/ save",
"How can I disable Background Data under Jio Prepaid Packs? Android users: Go to Settings > Locate & tap on Data Usage. To stop all apps from running in the background, click on the menu icon on top right & select ‘Restrict Background Data’. Or, locate and tap on the app you want to stop from running in the background & tap on Restrict Background Data. iOS users: Go to Settings > General > Background Apps > TOGGLE OFF “Background App Refresh” to stop all apps. If you wish to stop selective apps then only toggle off the desired apps.",
"How do I make calls when abroad with Jio Prepaid Plans? Calling a number in the country you are visiting: Dial the full number, including area code, as you would do in India Calling another country when you are abroad: Dial '+ ' followed by the country code, then key in the phone number without '0'. For example, to call from Spain to India, dial +917018899999",
"Can I enjoy the VoLTE experience even when roaming internationally under Jio Prepaid Packs? Currently, the HD calling experience is offered by Jio in its VoLTE network in India. You can however continue using International Roaming (IR) service on International networks by purchasing an IR pack.",
"Can I access Jio's media apps while roaming overseas under Prepaid packs? Jio media apps (JioCinema, JioTV, JioMusic etc) are designed to work only on Jio's 4G network. They are not available on International Roaming (IR).",
"Will VAS services like JioTunes & Missed Call Alert work on International Roaming (IR) under Prepaid Pack? Yes, Global Added Services which are active on your Jio number like JioTunes or Missed Call Alert will work while on International Roaming (IR).",
"Does Jio offer In-Flight coverage under Jio Prepaid Packs? Yes, Jio offers India’s first In-Flight Connectivity service which allows you to stay connected in the covered flight at 20000 feet above the ground. Customers with active IFC Packs will be able to use data, outgoing voice calls and SMS as per the pack entitlement quota available. To know more about the In-Flight Connectivity Packs and supported list of Partner Airlines, click here",
"Will I be able to make Video calls in International Roaming (IR) under Jio Prepaid Packs? International Wi-Fi Calling allows you to make video calls on any Jio number. To know more about our Global Packs with WiFi Calling, click here",
"Will my JioFi / JioPhone device work in International Roaming (IR) under Jio Prepaid Packs? No your JioFi/ JioPhone will not work when in International Roaming (IR).",
"Will Prepaid card of J&K, Assam & North East work when in International Roaming (IR) under Jio Prepaid Packs? No. As per Regulation, Prepaid subscribers of J&K, Assam & North East are not allowed to use International Roaming (IR) service including VoLTE service. However, Postpaid customers of J&K, Assam and North East are allowed to use the IR service on PayGo rates as well as International Roaming (IR) Packs with VoLTE services available in applicable countries.",
"Whom do I reach out for help in case I face an issue with my Jio SIM while roaming internationally under Jio Prepaid Pack? While roaming internationally, If you face any issue or need assistance, Type ‘Hi’ on our WhatsApp Support at +917018899999 or call us on +91 70188 99999 (toll free). We will answer your call on priority and help resolve any issues.",
"How do I check my voice, SMS or data usage on Prepaid International Roaming (IR)? You can check your usage details on MyJio or jio.com. Login into your account, click the 'Usage' tab to check your usage details. Note that your usage details are not real time and will have to check after few hours for recent 4G data usage details.",
"What is VoLTE Outbound International Roaming?\nVoLTE outbound International Roaming (IR) is a service which allows you to use high-definition calling experience on your Jio SIM while travelling to another country. We are glad to inform you that Jio is the first operator in the country to launch VoLTE services in International Roaming (IR).\nPlease check TnCs for VoLTE applicable countries and partner list. Click here: for more details VoLTE outbound International Roaming (IR) is a service which allows you to use high-definition calling experience on your Jio SIM while travelling to another country. We are glad to inform you that Jio is the first operator in the country to launch VoLTE services in International Roaming (IR). Please check TnCs for VoLTE applicable countries and partner list. Click here: for more details",
"Will I be able to use VoLTE services in all countries under Jio Prepaid Packs? Currently, the service is available in few countries only. We will be extending our associations with other operators in the coming months. Nevertheless, you can continue to enjoy seamless voice, data and SMS service experience on 2G/3G networks in more than 130+ countries. You can visit our website www.jio.com to check the list of supported countries. Please check TnCs for VoLTE applicable countries and partner list. Click here: for more details",
"What are the settings do I need to check on my device to use VoLTE International Roaming (IR) services under Jio Prepaid Packs? Follow the below steps to enable VoLTE and explore the HD calling experience. Android 1. Tap Settings 2. Tap Network & Internet 3. Tap Call 4. Tap to enable VoLTE / HD Voice/ Enhanced calling iPhone/iOS 1. Tap Settings 2. Tap Cellular 3. Ensure the Cellular Data switch is in the On position 4. Tap Cellular Data Options 5. Tap Voice & Data 6. Ensure LTE, VoLTE On is selected (has a checkmark). If not, tap",
"Whom do I reach out for help in case I am unable to register on a VoLTE network? Currently, the VoLTE services while roaming internationally are available on selected 5 partner networks only. Please ensure that you are registered with these operators to avail the VoLTE services. Also, ensure that VoLTE feature is enabled in your device. For Support overseas: Type ‘Hi’ on our WhatsApp Support at +917018899999 To explore other 24*7 Online Support channels, click here",
"I am registered on a network and a Prepaid customer but I am unable to see VoLTE symbol in my device? There are no additional charges for using VoLTE services in International Roaming (IR). Tariff will be same, irrespective of VoLTE or 2G/3G network mode selection. Ensure you are registered on the applicable partner network Make sure that VoLTE feature is enabled on your device Please check TnCs for VoLTE applicable countries list. Click here: for more details",
"Are there any additional charges for using VoLTE International Roaming (IR) service for Prepaid? There are no additional charges for using VoLTE services in International Roaming (IR). Tariff will be same, irrespective of VoLTE or 2G/3G network mode selection. Refer Terms and Conditions for the list of Countries and our Partner network where we offer VoLTE service. Please check TnCs for VoLTE applicable countries and partner list.Click here: for more details",
"Will the call be handed over from VoLTE to WiFi calling and vice versa if I am on a Call under Prepaid Pack? a. If you are on VoLTE Roaming call, you will continue to be on VoLTE until the VoLTE coverage is available. If you move out of VoLTE coverage area, then the call will drop. b. If you are on Wi-Fi calling, then the call will continue until Wi-Fi calling coverage is available. If you move out of Wi-Fi coverage area, then the call will drop.",
"What are the charges for International (ISD/ILD) Calls? International Calling rates (ISD/ILD) will be applicable based on the country and the dialled country area code. Jio offers extremely attractive rates for International calls starting at just 50p/min International Call rates are applicable as per the following two options: Pay Go ISD Rates – Standard rates available as default for prepaid & Postpaid customers Global ISD Combo 501 Pack – Subscription based Depending on the usage need, customers can avail Jio ISD Pay Go service or subscribe to Global ISD Pack: For low to moderate ISD usage, ISD Pay Go service is recommended with rates starting as low as 50p per min. For medium to high usage, customers can subscribe to Global ISD Pack. Sr.No. Jio Rates starting at Country 1 50 p/min USA, CANADA 2 Rs 2/min BANGLADESH, CHINA, FRANCE, ITALY, SINGAPORE, UNITED KINGDOM 3 Rs 3/min HONG KONG, INDONESIA, MALAYSIA, MEXICO, MONGOLIA, NEW ZEALAND 4 Rs 4/min AUSTRALIA, DENMARK, ROMANIA, THAILAND, TURKEY 5 Rs 5/min BRAZIL, COLOMBIA, GERMANY, JAPAN, KUWAIT, PAKISTAN, RUSSIA 6 Rs 6/min CZECH REPUBLIC, HUNGARY, ISRAEL, NORWAY, SAUDI ARABIA, SOUTH KOREA, SPAIN, SWEDEN, TAIWAN, VIETNAM For country and country code wise International call rate details, click",
"What are International (ISD/ILD) Calling Rates and Benefits available on ISD Pack Jio for Prepaid? The Global ISD Combo pack is available at Rs.501 with extremely attractive rates for International calls starting at just 50p/min. The Pack details are as follows: MRP Rs. 501 ISD Talktime : Rs. 424.58 Validity: 28 days The monetary value offered in ISD Combo Pack can be consumed for making ISD calls & ISD SMS to all countries and country codes as specified on the website while in India. The ISD Combo Pack also offers 5 International SMSs free in addition to the monetary value benefit. PLEASE NOTE ISD RATE VARIES AS PER DIALLED COUNTRY AREA CODE. GIVEN BELOW MINIMUM RATE OFFERED FOR A PARTICULAR POPULAR ISD COUNTRY. Sr.No. Country Minimum ISD rate (Rs/min) 1 USA 0.50 2 CANADA 0.50 3 BANGLADESH 2.00 4 UNITED KINGDOM 2.00 5 SINGAPORE 2.00 6 CHINA 2.00 7 FRANCE 2.00 8 ITALY 2.00 9 MALAYSIA 3.00 10 HONG KONG 3.00 11 NEW ZEALAND 3.00 12 INDONESIA 3.00 13 AUSTRALIA 4.00 14 THAILAND 4.00 15 PAKISTAN 5.00 16 KUWAIT 5.00 17 GERMANY 5.00 18 SAUDI ARABIA 6.00 19 NIGERIA 7.00 20 BHUTAN 7.00 21 PHILIPPINES 8.00 22 UAE 9.00 23 OMAN 9.00 24 BAHRAIN 9.00 25 SRI LANKA 10.00 26 YEMEN 10.00 27 NEPAL 11.00 28 QATAR 11.00 29 POLAND 12.00 30 AFGHANISTAN 13.00 For country and country code wise International call rate details, click",
"How can I recharge/subscribe the ISD pack for Jio Prepaid Plans? You can buy ISD Pack online on www.jio.com or using MyJio app. Recharge / Subscribe facility is also available at your nearest Digital Stores , Jio Centers and Stores. Online payments can be made using Jio Money/Debit Card/Credit card, Net banking or by using payment wallets like JioMoney, Paytm and Mobikwik. You can recharge with ISD pack multiple times to get additional monetary balance as per your usage requirement.",
"What are International (ISD / ILD) Calling Tariffs and Plans on Jio for Postpaid? ISD service is preconfigured for postpaid customers. A postpaid customer can use ISD service at ISD Pay Go rates as mentioned below in point ‘c’ Postpaid customers can also buy Global ISD Combo 501 Pack. The Pack details are as follows: MRP Rs. 501 ISD Talktime: Rs. 424.58 Validity: 28 days Tariff: ISD Pay Go rates as mentioned below in point ‘c’ The monetary value offered in ISD Combo Pack can be consumed for making ISD calls & ISD SMS to all countries and country codes while in India. The ISD Combo Pack also offers 5 International SMSs free in addition to the monetary value benefit. International Calling Pay Go rates (ISD/ILD) will be applicable based on the country and the dialled country code. Jio offers extremely attractive rates for International calls starting at just 50p/min. Sr.No. Jio Rates starting at Country 1 50 p/min USA, CANADA 2 Rs 2/min BANGLADESH, CHINA, FRANCE, ITALY, SINGAPORE, UNITED KINGDOM 3 Rs 3/min HONG KONG, INDONESIA, MALAYSIA, MEXICO, MONGOLIA, NEW ZEALAND 4 Rs 4/min AUSTRALIA, DENMARK, ROMANIA, THAILAND, TURKEY 5 Rs 5/min BRAZIL, COLOMBIA, GERMANY, JAPAN, KUWAIT, PAKISTAN, RUSSIA 6 Rs 6/min CZECH REPUBLIC, HUNGARY, ISRAEL, NORWAY, SAUDI ARABIA, SOUTH KOREA, SPAIN, SWEDEN, TAIWAN, VIETNAM For country and country code wise International call rate details, click",
"I am a Postpaid customer; can I buy prepaid plan of ISD Combo 501 pack? Yes, you can buy ISD Combo Pack online on www.jio.com or using MyJio app. Recharge / Subscribe facility is also available at your nearest Digital Stores, Jio Centers and Stores. Online payments can be made using Jio Money/Debit Card/Credit card, Net banking or by using payment wallets like JioMoney, Paytm and Mobikwik. You can recharge with ISD pack multiple times to get additional monetary balance as per your usage requirement.",
"What are the benefits of ISD Combo 501 pack vs ISD PayGo Rates under Jio Prepaid Plans? The Pack details are as follows: MRP Rs. 501 ISD Talktime: Rs. 424.58 Validity: 28 days The monetary value offered in ISD Combo Pack can be consumed for making ISD calls & ISD SMS to all countries and country codes as specified on the website while in India. The ISD Combo Pack also offers 5 International SMSs free in addition to the monetary value benefit.",
"I have subscribed to ISD pack, will I be able to use the talk time available for ISD talk time for International Roaming usage or any other type usage than ISD? The monetary value available through Global ISD Combo Pack can be used only for making ISD voice calls & ISD SMS while in India.",
"I have subscribed/recharged with ISD pack more than once in succession and have paid in total (ISD pack* no. of times recharged). How much talk time I will get and what will be the validity of that talk time? The Global ISD Combo Pack has a validity of 28 days and it provides ISD monetary value of Rs. 424.58/-. As you have done multiple recharges, subsequent recharges will be queued in your account until the active pack monetary balance gets exhausted or pack validity is over. Once the active Global ISD Combo Pack balance exhausts or the pack validity expires and you try to make ISD calls, the queued Global ISD Combo Pack will get activated automatically.",
"Will I be able to make calls on Satellite numbers? Yes, to make calls on Satellite numbers, you need to have sufficient ISD talktime balance.Please check the call rates at jio.com",
"I am outside India and on Jio International roaming. I deleted Jio eSIM from my device by mistake. How do I get my Jio eSIM back as I am not in India currently? As per the DOT (Department of Telecom, Govt of India) guidelines, the customer needs to be physically present at the store of the mobile service provider for biometric authentication and capturing live photograph to process the eSIM change request. As such, your request for eSIM replacement cannot be initiated without your physical presence at our Jio store. Once you are back in India, kindly visit your nearest Jio store for an eSIM replacement.",
"I am outside India and on Jio International roaming. I lost my Jio SIM. How do I get my Jio SIM back as I am not in India currently? As per the DOT (Department of Telecom, Govt of India) guidelines, the customer needs to be physically present at the store of the mobile service provider for biometric authentication and capturing live photograph to process the SIM change request. As such, your request for SIM replacement cannot be initiated without your physical presence at our Jio store. Once you are back in India, kindly visit your nearest Jio store for SIM/eSIM replacement.",
"How can I activate International Roaming services on my Postpaid connection? International roaming can be activated in just 3 simple steps via the MyJio app or jio.com MyJio App Open the MyJio App and Tap on ‘Mobile’ icon. Select ‘International roaming’ Click on ‘International Activations’ and click on 'Activate' button to activate International Roaming. You can check your credit limit, or you can enhance it, if you wish to, by continuing the journey. Enter the amount you wish to increase the credit limit by, make the payment. Jio.com Sign in to your account by entering Mobile number Select ‘Settings’ and then ‘Manage service’ Enable ‘International Roaming’ by sliding the button towards the right, and click on ‘Submit’ You will receive a message once International roaming has been activated. You can check your credit limit, or you can enhance it, if you wish to, by continuing the journey. Click on ‘Enhance credit limit’. Enter the amount you wish to increase the credit limit by, make the payment. Note: International roaming services do not work on JioFi and JioPhone devices.",
"What are Voice and Data Packs under Jio Postpaid Packs? Jio offers Voice and Data Packs with inflight benefits and free incoming calls for the top countries starting at just ₹499. Here’re the benefits of a Voice and Data Packs: FREE incoming calls (including Wi-Fi Calls) except for ₹1,499 pack Incoming SMS is Free High-speed data and beyond Fair Usage Policy (FUP) which means once you have exhausted your data quota for the day, unlimited internet at 64 kbps Outgoing calls and SMS over Wi-Fi Calling are not allowed (To make calls/SMS disable only Wi-Fi Calling in your device’s Settings.) Additional Inflight benefits in ₹2499, ₹4999, ₹3999 & ₹5999 packs : 100 mins Outgoing calls, 250 MB Data and 100 SMS Incoming calls are not allowed in flight Note: Inflight benefits are applicable only for a single trip for the duration of 24 hrs, inclusive of the pack validityQ Voice, data and SMS service availability will differ from airline to airline, please check the details before purchasing the pack Inflight benefits are only applicable on our Partner Airlines. For list of Airlines Click here Need to recharge or to know more about IR packs? Please click here.",
"Can I use only Data while in International Roaming (IR) for Postpaid? Yes, you can. We have 4 IR Data-only Packs with 3 validity options in top countries as per your usage needs and apart from these countries, data will be charged at Standard Roaming Rates if no other IR pack is active. For more details on IR Data-only Packs, please click here To check the detailed Standard PayGo Rates, please click here",
"Can I choose Postpaid International Roaming (IR) Pack for only the number of days I am travelling? Yes. We have different packs with overall 8 validity options to suit all kinds of trips – 1 day/2 days/7 days/10 days packs for short trips and 14 days/21 days/28 days and 30 days packs for longer holiday/stay abroad. Choose the one that best suits your need from the available options and for that, get all the details on IR packs here",
"What are the benefits/entitlements of the Wi-Fi Calling to India-only (Voice) Packs under Jio Postpaid Packs? Jio offers exclusive Wi-Fi Calling to India-only voice packs at the lowest rate of ₹121 applicable in 130+ countries. These packs can be used for voice calls over Wi-Fi only. Incoming calls from any country can be received Outgoing calls can be made to India only Enable Wi-Fi calling on your handset and connect to a Wi-Fi network to enjoy pack benefits This pack will only work if your handset supports Wi-Fi Calling. Please click here to check your handset’s compatibility. After pack benefits get exhausted, calls from any country at ₹1/min, outgoing calls to India at ₹1/min (charged from credit limit if available until pack expiry) Disable Wi-Fi Calling on your handset for making calls/SMS to local/outside India numbers To enable Wi-Fi Calling/Voice over Wi-Fi in your device to use in IR, please click here. Looking to recharge or need to know more about IR packs? Please click",
"What is a Global (IR) Pack under Jio Postpaid Packs? Jio offers Global Packs which are applicable in 130+ countries with benefits as below: IR Pack MRP Validity Monetary Value IR Pack ₹1101 ₹1101 28 days ₹933.05 IR Pack ₹1102 (with Wi-Fi Calling) ₹1102 28 days ₹933.90 Here’re the benefits of Global Packs: The value can be used for voice calls, SMS and data usage while on International Roaming only. Please check the applicable Standard IR Rates here. The pack also offers 5 International SMSs (ISD SMS) free in addition to the monetary balance. Please click here to recharge as well as to know more about IR packs. Check out the benefits of the ₹1102 Pack with Wi-Fi Calling: Incoming from any country at ₹1/min Outgoing calls to India at ₹1/min Video calls to any Jio number at ₹1/min with data deduction from the already available base plan Disable Wi-Fi Calling on your handset for making calls/SMS to local/outside India numbers (Note: Standard Rates apply) To recharge as well as to know more detail on IR packs, please check here.",
"How will I be charged for usage while roaming internationally under Jio Postpaid Pack? International Roaming (IR) usage charges will be applicable based on the location where you are travelling in, the roaming network used and the kind of usage (Outgoing Local, Call back to India, Outgoing International, Incoming Calls, SMS & Data) Jio IR charges are applicable as per the following two options: Pay Go IR Rates – Standard rates applicable as default for Jio customers IR Packs As per your requirement, you can avail Jio IR Pay Go service or you can purchase an IR Pack. For low to moderate IR usage across all countries, IR Pay Go service is recommended with rates starting as low as Rs.2 per min. For medium to high usage in selected countries, customers can purchase IR Packs. Kindly note, child account customers will have to buy suitable international roaming pack to make usage in international destination and cannot make usage on PayGo rates. For International Roaming (IR) tariff, kindly visit https://www.jio.com/selfcare/plans/mobility/jio-international-roaming-plans",
"Why should I increase my credit limit? When you opt for Postpaid non-recurring packs from MyJio app or Jio.com, you will get the option to make a payment and increase your credit limit. The amount paid by you remains as a deposit. We recommend that you increase the credit limit at least by the pack amount being chosen by you as it will help you to enjoy uninterrupted services. In case, you do not increase the limit at the time of opting for the pack, you may be asked to make interim payments whenever your credit limit is about to get exhausted.",
"What are the different International Roaming Postpaid Packs offered by Jio? Jio offers you various IR pack options which can be purchased as per your usage requirement post selecting the visited country as shown below: Global Packs: ₹1101 and ₹1102 Packs; applicable in 150+ countries IR Voice & Data Packs: 4 validity options; applicable in up to 50+ countries Annual IR Pack: ₹2799 Pack; applicable in 50+ countries US, Mexico and U.S.V.I Packs: 3 validity options; applicable in 3 countries Plans with free in-flight benefits: 2 validity options; applicable in up to 50+ countries IR Data-only Packs: 3 validity options; applicable in 90+ countries Wi-Fi Calling to India-only (Voice Packs):: 2 validity options; applicable in 150+ countries For more details on IR packs, please click here.",
"Which are the different International Roaming plans offered for Postpaid customers? We understand that our customers have different needs which is why Jio offers the flexibility to choose from different plans. Prepaid Packs on Postpaid: Postpaid customers can avail these packs with one click Pre-on-Post recharge. Pay As You Go Rates: For Postpaid customers, who do not wish to purchase any pack Just activate International Roaming and roam abroad at standard PayGo rates (starting Rs.2/min) even without activating any IR pack and enjoy best rates only with Jio. Jio recommends enhancing your credit limit for worry-free travel.",
"What are the benefits of International Roaming (IR) Packs- Rs. 1101/Rs 1102 vs PayGo Rates under Jio Postpaid Packs? If the IR service is already activated then you can use IR services provided you have sufficient monetary balance in your account. In such case, you have to recharge with Top Up voucher to get monetary balance. IR Pack Rs. 1101/Rs. 1102 offers monetary balance and any usage made in IR is charged at standard PayGo rates. Also, IR Pack Rs. 1101/Rs. 1102 pack offers 5 International SMS free which can be used to send ISD SMS while in India.",
"Are there any subscription or rentals charges for International Roaming (IR) service for Postpaid Plans? No, there are no subscription or monthly rentals for IR service.",
"Will I be charged for incoming messages while on International Roaming (IR) under Jio Postpaid Packs? All incoming text messages are free in International Roaming (IR).",
"What happens if my International Roaming (IR) pack gets expired while roaming internationally under Jio Postpaid Packs? You can do another recharge of the IR Pack Rs. 1101/Rs. 1102 or Unlimited IR pack through MyJio or jio.com and continue to enjoy International Roaming (IR) services. In case you do not recharge with any of the IR packs, For Postpaid Customer - You will be charged at IR PayGo rates subject to availability of sufficient monetary balance (postpaid customers)",
"Will I be charged for incoming calls while on International Roaming (IR) under Jio Postpaid Packs? Incoming calls are free under IR Voice and Data Packs (except ₹1,499) pack users. However, incoming calls are charged for customers using IR Global Packs such as ₹1101/₹1102 and or IR PayGo Rates. Please check Standard IR Rates at the ‘International Roaming (IR) Tariff’ here For more details on IR packs, please click here.",
"Will I be charged for data while on International Roaming (IR) under Jio Postpaid Packs? Data is not chargeable if your pack has data benefits. However after pack benefits get exhausted data speed will be reduced to 64 kbps until pack expiry or if no pack is purchased, Standard PayGo Rates are applicable based on the visited country. To avoid unintentional data usage charges, it is suggested to disable background data. Here’re the IR pack options as per your usage needs: Global Packs: ₹1101 and ₹1102 Packs; applicable in 150+ countries IR Voice & Data Packs: 4 validity options; applicable in up to 50+ countries Annual IR Pack: ₹2799 Pack; applicable in 50+ countries US, Mexico & U.S. Virgin Islands Packs: 3 validity options; applicable in 3 countries Plans with free in-flight benefits: 2 validity options; applicable in up to 50+ countries IR Data-only Packs: 3 validity options; applicable in 90+ countries Wi-Fi Calling to India-only (Voice Packs): 2 validity options; applicable in 150+ countries To recharge or to know more about IR packs, please click here.",
"Whom do I reach out for help in case I face any issue while roaming internationally? For Support overseas: Type ‘Hi’ on our WhatsApp Support at +917018899999 To explore our other 24*7 Online Support channels, click here",
"Will I be able to make ISD calls from India, using the International Roaming (IR) pack talk time under Jio Postpaid Packs? No, the International Roaming (IR) pack works only when you are travelling overseas. To make international calls from India, you can recharge your number with our ISD pack available on MyJio & jio.com or you can make ISD calls using credit limit available.",
"What charges will apply in case I am on a cruise in International Roaming (IR) under Jio Postpaid Packs? You will not be able to use International Roaming (IR) service while on cruise beyond the partner network coverage area.",
"Will my International Roaming (IR) service get deactivated post expiry of my International Roaming (IR) pack under Jio Postpaid Pack? No, the service will remain active even after the expiry of IR pack. In case of usage in International Roaming (IR), you will be charged in your postpaid bill based on the available credit limit.",
"When will the International Roaming (IR) Pack’s validity start for ₹1101/₹1102 under Jio Postpaid Pack?\nYour pack will remain in queue until you make an International Call/Data/SMS after reaching the foreign location or, if you send an International SMS available in Global IR ₹1101/₹1102 packs while you are still in India. Your pack will remain in queue until you make an International Call/Data/SMS after reaching the foreign location or, if you send an International SMS available in Global IR ₹1101/₹1102 packs while you are still in India.",
"I am a Postpaid customer, can I buy prepaid IR pack? Yes, you can buy prepaid IR pack. Steps to recharge International Roaming (IR) through MyJio app Open MyJio app Tap on ‘Mobile’ Scroll down to ‘International Services Tap on ‘Int'l Roaming' and click on Explore Jio Pre-on-Post plans Select 'Visiting Country' from the drop-down menu Select the pack which you want to recharge Tap on ‘Buy’ and select the payment mode and make the payment Steps to recharge International Roaming (IR) through jio.com Open jio.com website Click on ‘Mobile’ then tap on ‘International Services’ Add Country using the drop-down menu and click on the ‘Search’ icon Select the pack which you want to recharge and click on ‘Buy’ Post recharge, your IR services will be automatically activated along with the IR pack. Through Jio Store/ Jio Retailer: You can visit your nearest Jio store or Jio Retailer to recharge your Jio number with our International Roaming (IR) Pack Post recharge your IR services will be automatically activated along with the IR pack.",
"I am a Postpaid customer, how can I activate International Roaming (IR) services? Steps to recharge International Roaming (IR) through MyJio app Open MyJio app Tap on ‘Go to telecom section’ Scroll down to ‘ISD & roaming’ menu Tap on ‘Int'l Roaming' and click on 'Activate' You will see a message that 'Your request for IR has been submitted successfully along with a Reference Number'. This page will also reflect the credit limit assigned to you You will receive a Notification message once the IR entitlement is successfully registered in your account Steps to Increase Credit Limit via MyJio app: Click on the 'Enhance Credit Limit' option towards the bottom right corner with ₹ symbol Or you can click on 'Purchase an IR Pack' in case you want predefined IR Pack entitlements If you select 'Enhance Credit Limit' then please enter the desired Credit Limit amount and Click 'Pay' (You can Enter the amount in multiples of hundred and thereafter) Please select your desired mode of payment After successful payment, you will see a confirmation message stating 'Your security deposit payment request has been processed successfully'. You will receive a notification message once the security deposit is successfully updated in your account Steps to activate IR services via Jio.com: Open jio.com website Click on ‘SIGN IN' & select ‘Mobile Enter your Jio number and click on 'Generate OTP' Enter the OTP send on your registered mobile number and click ‘Submit’ Click the 'Settings' Icon (Right Hand Corner) Select 'Manage Service' Enable 'IR' by sliding the button towards the Right and Click on 'Submit' You will see a message that 'Your request for IR has been submitted successfully along with a Reference Number' You will get an option to either 'Proceed' further to increase the Credit Limit. In case, you do not wish to increase the Credit Limit, click 'Not Now' option Steps to Increase Credit Limit by paying an additional Security Deposit: Click on Proceed option to Increase the Credit limit Post entering the desired Credit Limit amount, Click 'Update' (You can Enter the amount in multiples of hundred and thereafter) 'Proceed' to pay Please select your desired mode of payment After successful payment, you will see a confirmation message stating 'Your security deposit payment request has been processed successfully'. You will receive a notification message once the security deposit is successfully updated in your account",
"What will happen to unutilized balance of International Roaming (IR) Pack- ₹1101/₹1102 after validity expiry under Jio Postpaid Packs? The pack balance if any of your IR ₹1101/₹1102 pack will get forfeited on pack expiry and it cannot be used.",
"I have subscribed to the IR Pack ₹1101/₹1102 and I have received 5 International SMSs along with this pack, can I use these 5 SMSs while on International Roaming (IR) under Jio Postpaid Packs? No. The 5 International SMSs offered in IR ₹1101/₹1102 pack can be used for sending International SMSs from India.",
"I have recharged Postpaid International Roaming (IR) pack. Will I be able to make ISD calls while in India, using the talk time available? No, the International Roaming (IR) pack works only when you are travelling overseas. To make international calls from India, you can recharge your number with our ISD pack available on MyJio & jio.com or you can make ISD calls using credit limit available.",
"I have subscribed to the International Roaming (IR) Pack 1101/1102, when will the pack validity start? Is it from the time the pack is activated? Or from the time I make or receive the first call or receive/send SMS or use Data on roaming location under Jio Postpaid Packs? The pack validity will start from the time the pack is activated on your account or when the 1st usage happens.",
"I have subscribed to the Postpaid International Roaming (IR) Pack, and have unused Pack balance what will happen to this balance once I return to India or after Pack expiry? The pack balance will get forfeited on pack expiry and it cannot be used while in India.",
"If I have taken Postpaid International Roaming (IR) Pack, do I need to deactivate it after I return to India? No. All our International Roaming (IR) packs are for fixed validity. These expire as soon as the validity is over. You do not need to deactivate the packs at all.",
"What if the country I am travelling to is not covered under the Postpaid International Roaming (IR) packs? You will be charged at standard roaming rates for these countries. For standard roaming rates as per country, please refer the Standard PayGo Rates at International Services Page on www.jio.com",
"What are the benefits of Annual IR Pack ₹2799? Jio offers the most affordable Annual IR Pack for the top countries at just ₹2799. Here’re the benefits of Annual IR Pack: Unlimited incoming SMS 100 minutes for Incoming and Outgoing calls, thereafter PayGo tariff will be applicable Incoming calls includes Wi-Fi Calling, Outgoing calls over Wi-Fi allowed for call back to India only 2 GB High-speed data and beyond that Fair Usage Policy (FUP) which means once you have exhausted your data quota , unlimited internet at 64 kbps Outgoing calls and SMS over Wi-Fi Calling are not allowed (To make calls/SMS disable only Wi-Fi Calling in your device’s Settings) Rest of the World calls will be chargeable, standard PayGo rates apply Applicable in 50+ countries on select partner and network only. Click here for applicable country list. This pack requires manual activation through MyJio or Jio.com and won't be activated on first use. Go to upcoming plan section to activate, click Need to recharge or to know more about IR packs? Please click here.",
"How do I select Network when I reach another country to use International Roaming (IR) services under Jio Postpaid Packs? You should be able to automatically connect to our Partner Networks whilst roaming. If you face any connectivity issues, please do a manual selection through the Handset Settings on your mobile. If you don’t find an option of preferred network under Handset Settings, please reach us on +917018899999 via WhatsApp or Call us on +917018899999 (Toll Free).",
"Who can buy this Annual IR Pack? All Prepaid customers can purchase this IR pack except for J&K, Assam and North East customers. For Postpaid, all circle customers can avail this pack. This Pack is currently not available for JioPhone and Jio Bharat devices.",
"Can I Deactivate my Annual IR Pack? If customer has subscribed to any IR pack and its validity has started, then he/she cannot deactivate the pack during its validity.",
"What is the new US-Mexico-U.S.V.I pack for postpaid Jio numbers? Jio offers exclusive packs for most common destinations of North America such as United States, Mexico and U.S. Virgin Islands. Here’s the benefits of these packs: Unlimited incoming calls and SMS Outgoing calls include Local calls within the country and call back to India (wherein call back to India includes Wi-Fi calling as well) Incoming calls can be received form any country including Wi-Fi calling High-speed data and beyond Fair Usage Policy (FUP) which means once you have exhausted your data quota for the day, unlimited internet at 64 kbps Outgoing calls and SMS over Wi-Fi Calling are not allowed (To make calls/SMS disable only Wi-Fi Calling in your device’s Settings.) Standard pay-go rates will be applicable for Rest of the World (ROW) calls Need to recharge or to know more about IR packs? Please click here. Kindly Note: This pack is applicable for US, Mexico and U.S. Virgin Islands only This pack is currently not available for JioPhones and Jio Bharat devices",
"I lost my Phone/SIM in International Roaming. How can I get my Jio SIM (Physical SIM) / eSIM ? If you have lost or damaged your Jio SIM while in International Roaming, click here to suspend the services on your Jio number to avoid any misuse. To initiate the SIM/eSIM replacement of your Jio number, you have to provide your live photograph and biometrics-based authentication at any Jio store in India. As per the DOT (Department of Telecom, Govt of India) guidelines, you must be physically present at the Jio store to capture your biometrics and live photograph for processing any SIM/eSIM request. We request you to visit a Jio store for the replacement of a physical SIM or eSIM once you are back in the country.",
"What is International Roaming (IR)? International Roaming (IR) enables you to use your Jio SIM while travelling to a country outside India. With your existing Jio SIM, you can travel to 150+ countries and enjoy seamless calls, data and SMS service experience.",
"Will my Jio SIM work in all countries with a Jio postpaid plan? Jio International Roaming service is available in 150+ countries. You can visit our website to check the list of countries where International Roaming service is currently available.",
"How do I activate International Roaming (IR) on my Jio postpaid number? Once you recharge, IR services will be automatically activated along with the IR plan as soon as the first usage happens at a foreign location.",
"I am a postpaid user. How can I activate International Roaming (IR) after reaching another country? If you want to use IR service only in listed 150+ countries, you can buy the IR plan even when you are in an international location. After purchasing the plan, your phone will stop receiving signals once the activation process begins. Your phone will have to be restarted for your IR settings to be processed. Click Here to view the applicable list of countries. If you are unable to register to network after purchasing a postpaid plan for IR Activation in the countries mentioned below, please follow the below steps: For iPhone: Step 1 : Go to 'Settings' –> 'Carriers' –> and select 'Automatic' Go to 'Settings' –> 'Mobile Data' –> and select 'Data Roaming' as 'ON' Step 2 : In case your SIM does not register to a network automatically, try selecting the network manually from 'Handset Settings' Go to 'Settings' –> 'Carrier' –> switch off 'Automatic' –> select an available operator (refer to the list of operators in the PDF) Step 3 : In case your SIM still does not register to the network after following Step 1 and Step 2, then switch your iPhone to International IMSI Go to 'Home' –> 'Settings' –> 'Phone' –> 'SIM Application' –> 'International Roaming' -> 'OFF' Android: Step 1 : Ensure that the 'Preferred Network' type of your device is set to 'GSM/WCDMA/LTE' Step 2 : If your device does not register automatically then turn off 'Automatic' and select 'Available network' Go to 'Settings' –> 'More' -> 'Mobile Network' -> 'Network Operators' (refer to the list of operators in the PDF) Step 3 : If your device is still not registered then look for 'Jio4G/STK' available on the Home Screen of your device and select 'Jio4G/STK' Within 'Jio4G/STK' set 'International Roaming' to 'OFF' Wait for 5 minutes and your device will register to a network If you face any issues or need assistance while roaming internationally, type ‘Hi’ on our WhatsApp chat support number +917018899999 or call us at +91 70188 99999 (toll free). We will answer your call on priority and help resolve any issues.",
"How to know if International Roaming (IR) is activated on my Jio postpaid number? You will receive an SMS on your Jio number once your IR service gets activated.",
"Do I need to change settings to use my SIM while on International Roaming (IR)? Generally, all smartphones have auto settings enabled which will register your device on the visited network. To ensure a seamless experience, we recommend that you check the below settings on your device: Automatic Network Selection Mode: Needs to be activated on the device Network Mode: Set in GSM/WCDMA/4G Data roaming mode: Needs to be in Active mode* *To prevent unnecessary data charges, you may switch off Data Roaming If you face any issues or need assistance while roaming internationally, type ‘Hi’ on our WhatsApp chat support number +917018899999 or call us at +91 70188 99999 (toll free). We will answer your call on priority and help resolve any issues.",
"What if I am unable to use data services in another country? Here’s how you can use data services in another country: For Android: You will receive automatic APN Settings through SMS/notification post registering to a foreign network. You will have to install this configuration by tapping on 'Install' If you have not received an SMS then you can manually update the APN Mobile network -> Access Point Name -> Add APN - > Type “Jionet” -> Save & Close For iPhone: Go to Mobile Data -> Mobile Data Options -> Mobile Data Network -> APN -> Type 'Jionet' to add/save",
"How can I disable Background Data? Jio postpaid users can disable Background Data by following the steps below: For Android users: Go to Settings > Locate and tap on Data Usage. To stop all apps from running in the background, click on the menu icon on the top right and select 'Restrict Background Data' or locate and tap on the app you want to stop from running in the background and tap on 'Restrict Background Data'. For iOS users: Go to Settings > General > Background Apps > Toggle Off 'Background App Refresh' to stop all apps. If you wish to stop selective apps then only toggle off the desired apps.",
"How do I make calls from my Jio postpaid number when abroad? Here's how you can call a number in the country you are visiting: Dial the number, including the area code, as you would do in India Here's how you can call a number in another country when abroad: Dial '+ ' followed by the country code, then key in the phone number without '0'. For example, to call from Spain to India, dial +917018899999",
"Can I enjoy the VoLTE experience even when roaming internationally? Currently, Jio offers an HD calling experience in its VoLTE network However, you can continue using International Roaming (IR) service on international networks by purchasing an IR plan.",
"Can I access Jio's media apps while on International Roaming (IR)? Jio media apps (e.g., JioCinema, JioTV, JioMusic, etc.,) are designed to work only on Jio's 4G network. These services are not available on International Roaming (IR).",
"Will Value Added Services (VAS) like JioTunes and Missed Call Alerts work on International Roaming (IR)? Yes, Value Added Services active on your Jio number, e.g., JioTunes or Missed Call Alerts will work on International Roaming (IR).",
"Does Jio offer In-Flight coverage? Yes, Jio offers India’s first In-Flight Connectivity (IFC) service that allows you to stay connected in flight at 20000 feet above the ground. Customers with active IFC plans will be able to use data, outgoing voice calls, and SMS as per the plan entitlement quota available. To know more about the In-Flight Connectivity Plans and supported list of Partner Airlines, click here",
"Will I be able to make Video Calls in International Roaming (IR)? International Wi-Fi Calling allows you to make video calls on any Jio number. To know more about our Value Plans with Wi-Fi Calling, click here",
"Will my JioFi/JioPhone device work in International Roaming (IR)? No, your JioFi/JioPhone will not work when in International Roaming (IR).",
"Will a postpaid card of Jammu & Kashmir, Assam and North East work when in International Roaming (IR)? As per regulation, prepaid subscribers of Jammu & Kashmir, Assam and North East are not allowed to use International Roaming that includes VoLTE service. However, postpaid customers of Jammu & Kashmir, Assam and North East are allowed to use the IR service on PayGo rates. The International Roaming plans with VoLTE services are available in applicable countries.",
"How to get help if I face an issue with my Jio SIM while roaming internationally? If you face any issues or need assistance while roaming internationally, type ‘Hi’ on our Jio International Roaming Customer Care WhatsApp Number +91 7018899999 or give us a call on the same number (toll free). We will answer your call on priority and help resolve any issues.",
"How do I check my voice, SMS or data usage on International Roaming (IR) under Postpaid Pack? You can check your usage details on MyJio or jio.com. Login to your account, and click on the 'Usage' tab to check your usage details. Note: Usage details are not real-time. You might have to check after a few hours for recent 4G data usage details.",
"What is VoLTE Outbound International Roaming (IR) for a postpaid connection? VoLTE outbound International Roaming (IR) is a service that enables you to experience HD calling on your Jio SIM while travelling to another country. We are glad to inform you that Jio is the first operator in the country to launch VoLTE services in International Roaming (IR). Please check TnCs for VoLTE applicable countries list. Click here: for more details",
"Will I be able to use VoLTE services in all countries with a Jio postpaid plan?\nCurrently, the service is available in a few countries. We will be extending our associations with other operators in the upcoming months. Nevertheless, you can continue to enjoy seamless voice calls, data and SMS service experience on 2G/3G networks in more than 150+ countries. You can visit our website www.jio.com to check the list of supported countries.\n  Please check TnCs for VoLTE applicable countries list. Click here: for more details Currently, the service is available in a few countries. We will be extending our associations with other operators in the upcoming months. Nevertheless, you can continue to enjoy seamless voice calls, data and SMS service experience on 2G/3G networks in more than 150+ countries. You can visit our website www.jio.com to check the list of supported countries. Please check TnCs for VoLTE applicable countries list. Click here: for more details",
"What settings do I need to check to use VoLTE International Roaming (IR) services on my device? Follow the below steps to enable VoLTE and explore the HD calling experience. Android Tap on Settings Tap on Network & Internet Tap on Call Tap to enable VoLTE/HD Voice/Enhanced calling iPhone/iOS Tap on 'Settings' Tap on 'Cellular' Ensure the Cellular Data switch is in the 'On' position Tap on 'Voice & Data' Ensure LTE, VoLTE On is selected (has a checkmark)",
"How to get help in case I am unable to register on a VoLTE network? Currently, VoLTE services while roaming internationally are available only on selected partner networks. Please ensure that you are registered with these operators to avail of the VoLTE services. Also, ensure that the VoLTE feature is enabled on your device. For Support overseas: Type ‘Hi’ on our WhatsApp chat support number +917018899999 You can also call us 24*7 at +917018899999 (toll free)",
"I am registered on the network as a postpaid customer but I am unable to see VoLTE symbol on my device. What shall I do? There are no additional charges for using VoLTE services in International Roaming (IR). The tariff will be the same irrespective of VoLTE or 2G/3G network mode selection. Ensure you are registered on the applicable partner networks Make sure that VoLTE feature is enabled on your device Please check TnCs for VoLTE applicable countries list. Click here: for more details",
"What are the additional charges for using VoLTE International Roaming (IR) service for postpaid? There are no additional charges for using VoLTE services in International Roaming (IR). The tariff will be the same irrespective of VoLTE or 2G/3G network mode selection. Please check TnCs for VoLTE applicable countries list. Click here: for more details",
"Will the call be handed over from VoLTE to Wi-Fi calling and vice versa if I am on a call using a postpaid plan? If you are on VoLTE Roaming call, you will continue to be on VoLTE until the VoLTE coverage is available. If you move out of the VoLTE coverage area, then the call will drop. If you are on Wi-Fi Calling, then the call will continue until Wi-Fi Calling coverage is available. If you move out of a Wi-Fi coverage area, then the call will drop.",
"What is Wi-Fi Calling? Wi-Fi Calling enables you to make and receive calls over a Wi-Fi network using your existing Jio number. The benefits of Wi-Fi calling in International Roaming are listed below: Benefits of Wi-Fi calling in International Roaming: Make and receive voice calls on any Indian number with Wi-Fi using your existing Jio number at just ₹1/min Video call your loved ones on any Jio number Easily connect in case of signal issues in remote areas or dark cellular zones of buildings Wi-Fi Calling doesn’t carry any additional charge. All you need is a Wi-Fi Calling pack and an HD voice-compatible device To learn how to turn on Wi-Fi Calling and check the handset eligibility, click www.jio.com/wificalling Note: The charging for Wi-Fi Calling will be deducted from the respective IR pack balance. Charging for video calls will be deducted from the IR Pack balance and home data bucket. A base plan with sufficient home data balance should be available to make video calls to the Jio number. Grace plan customers will not be able to use Jio Wi-Fi Calling services.",
"How to enable Wi-Fi Calling? You can enable Wi-Fi Calling in three simple steps: Go to Settings and switch on the Wi-Fi Calling feature on your Wi-Fi Calling capable handset Connect to a Wi-Fi network and enjoy Wi-Fi Calling on any Indian number To learn how to turn on Wi-Fi Calling and check the handset eligibility, click www.jio.com/wificalling Note: Some applications can download data even when you are not actively using them. We recommend setting your ‘Mobile Data’ as ‘OFF’ or managing your application settings to avoid this data usage.",
"What services are currently available on Wi-Fi Calling while roaming internationally? Wi-Fi Calling pack offers the following benefits: Outgoing calls to any Indian mobile number Incoming calls from India or anywhere in the world Incoming SMS Video calls to any Jio number in India Local calls within the visited country or calls to the rest of the world are currently unavailable Video calls on the non-Jio number and outgoing SMS are not allowed",
"What are the charges for calls made through the IR 1102 Wi-Fi Calling pack? The tariff for Wi-Fi Calling from IR 1102 and Global packs are listed below: Outgoing voice calls to India – ₹1/min Incoming voice calls – ₹1/min Incoming SMS – Free Video outgoing and incoming calls – ₹1/min + Data from home data bucket Note: Outgoing SMS, outgoing local voice calls, and outgoing voice call to the rest of the world are not allowed. Wi-Fi Calling service can be availed using Wi-Fi Calling pack only and will not be available for PayGo customers. Sl. No Call Type Wi-Fi IR Usage Charging 1 Voice Outgoing – Calls to India (from the visited country) Flat ₹1 for Wi-Fi Call back to India 2 Outgoing - Local (in the visited country) Not allowed 3 Outgoing - RoW (from the visited country) Not allowed 4 Incoming (in the visited country) Flat ₹1 for Wi-Fi IR Incoming Voice Calls 5 Video* Outgoing – Calls to Jio India numbers (from the visited country) Flat ₹1 for Wi-Fi IR Video Call back to India + Data from Home data bucket 6 Incoming from Jio India Numbers (in the visited country) Flat ₹1 for Wi-Fi IR Video Call back to India + Data from home data bucket 7 SMS Outgoing SMS Not allowed 8 SMS Incoming SMS Free *For outgoing/incoming video Calls, ₹1 + data usage deducted from home data bucket. Video outgoing/incoming calls are allowed only to Jio Numbers. Local = Calls within the Visited Country RoW = Calls to Rest of World numbers i.e. other than India & Local",
"How will I be charged for calls made through Wi-Fi Calling using the Unlimited IR packs ? The tariff for Jio Wi-Fi calls using the Unlimited IR pack is given below: Unlimited IR pack come with entitlement benefits - Covers Wi-Fi Calls and Video Calls to India along with existing Cellular IR Usage entitlement in the same bucket of the respective packs Post-Pack Entitlement Charges - Call rates for Call-back to India, post entitlement will be charged at Re. 1/min Incoming Wi-Fi Calls and Video calls to remain Free like cellular incoming calls as per the pack validity IR Wi-Fi outgoing and incoming video calls to Jio Numbers - Video data usage to be deducted from the home data bucket of the customer Jio Wi-Fi IR usage Unit Within Unlimited IR Pack Commercial Usage limit Beyond Commercial usage limit of Unlimited IR pack Outgoing – Calls to India ₹/Min Free (Consumed from pack entitlement) ₹1/min Outgoing - Local Not allowed Not allowed Outgoing - RoW Now allowed Now allowed Incoming calls ₹/Min Free (Consumed from Pack entitlement) Free SMS Outgoing ₹/SMS Not allowed Not allowed SMS Incoming ₹/SMS Free Free *Video Outgoing – Calls to Jio numbers in India ₹/Min Free (Consumed from pack entitlement) + (Video call data usage is deducted from home data bucket) ₹1/min (And Video call data usage is deducted from home data bucket) *₹1/min (And Video call data usage is deducted from home data bucket) ₹/Min Free (Consumed from pack entitlement) (Video call data usage is deducted from home data bucket) Free (Video call data usage is deducted from home data bucket) *For Video Outgoing and Incoming Calls, the pack entitlement will be consumed from the available benefits. Data usage is deducted from the home data bucket. Video Outgoing and Incoming calls are allowed only to Jio numbers in India. Local = Calls within the visited country RoW = Calls to Rest of World numbers i.e. other than India & Local Note: Wi-Fi Calling service can be availed using Wi-Fi Calling pack only and will not be available for PayGo customers.",
"Does Wi-Fi Calling consume data? How much data will a Wi-Fi call consume? Here’s how Wi-Fi Calling works under Jio postpaid plans: Voice calls are consumed from your IR pack balance and do not consume data Wi-Fi Calling for Video calls consumes data from the home data plan balance The actual data usage of your video call may vary Wi-Fi Calling for video calls is allowed only to Jio numbers in India",
"Why can't I make or receive Wi-Fi calls on my Jio Postpaid? If you have a Jio postpaid number but can’t make or receive Wi-Fi calls, it may be due to one of the following reasons: Your device does not support Wi-Fi Calling You may not have the latest device software The Wi-Fi Calling setting is turned off in your ‘Device Settings’ You do not have access to a high-speed and stable Wi-Fi internet connection You do not have an active Wi-Fi Calling IR pack and base tariff plan You can learn how to troubleshoot the above issues by clicking www.jio.com/wificalling In case you are unable to connect even when all the above requirements are met, type ‘Hi’ on the WhatsApp chat support number +917018899999.",
"Why am I facing call mute/call drop issues while using the Wi-Fi Calling service? Wi-Fi Calling requires a stable Wi-Fi connection. You may experience a call drop issue if you are not within the Wi-Fi coverage area or if the Wi-Fi network quality is poor.",
"Can I call someone who does not have Wi-Fi Calling enabled on his/her phone? Yes, you will be able to make calls to any Indian number depending on your plan.",
"Can I call on Emergency, Satellite and Special Services Numbers using Wi-Fi Calling Services? No, Wi-Fi Calling does not allow calls to Emergency, Satellite or Special services numbers.",
"Will Wi-Fi Calling work on a prepaid card of Jammu & Kashmir, Assam & North East when in International Roaming? As per Indian Regulations, IR pack purchases for Jammu & Kashmir, Assam and North East are not allowed on prepaid subscriptions, due to which you will not be able to use Wi-Fi Calling.",
"Can I use Wi-Fi Calling while in Airplane mode? Yes, the Wi-Fi Calling service can be used when your phone is in ‘Airplane Mode'.",
"How to reach out for support if I need help with Wi-Fi Calling? Here's how you can receive support while overseas: Type ‘Hi’ on the WhatsApp chat support number +917018899999 To explore other 24*7 online support channels, click here",
"What are the benefits/entitlements of the Jio In-Flight Packs? Jio offers 3 In-Flight Communication (IFC) packs to suit your need 195, 295 and 595. These are hybrid packs and can be subscribed by both prepaid and postpaid Jio mobile customers. Offer name In-Flight Pack – 195 In-Flight Pack – 295 In-Flight Pack – 595 MRP ₹195 ₹295 ₹595 Pack Type Hybrid pack Hybrid pack Hybrid pack Pack Entitlement Data - 250 MB Outgoing calls - 100 mins SMS - 100 SMS Please note that usage entitlements applicable only for In-Flight Packs Data - 500 MB Outgoing calls - 100 mins SMS - 100 SMS Please note that usage entitlements applicable only for In-Flight Packs Data - 1 GB Outgoing calls - 100 mins SMS - 100 SMS Please note that usage entitlements applicable only for In-Flight Packs Validity 1 day* 1 day* 1 day* Incoming calls In-Flight incoming calls are not allowed on this pack In-Flight incoming calls are not allowed on this pack In-Flight incoming calls are not allowed on this pack Beyond Entitlement In-Flight usage not allowed You can recharge with additional pack to get the In-Flight Pack entitlement In-Flight usage not allowed You can recharge with additional pack to get the In-Flight Pack entitlement In-Flight usage not allowed You can recharge with additional pack to get the In-Flight Pack entitlement *1 day is 24 hours, starting from 1st usage in the plane. Incoming SMS are allowed",
"Do I have to activate IR service to be able to use In-Flight services? No. You only have to recharge with the In-Flight pack to be able to use In-Flight Data, Voice and text services. Your IR service will get activated on recharge of the In-Flight Pack automatically.",
"I am an In-Flight Pack user, will I be charged for incoming messages while on In-Flight? All incoming text messages are free for In-Flight pack users. For non-pack users In-Flight services are not available and hence, incoming messages cannot be received.",
"What happens if my In-Flight Pack gets expired? In-Flight Pack offers limited entitlements of Data, Voice and text usage. You may choose suitable In-Flight pack as per your In-Flight usage requirements You can also do multiple recharges of In-Flight Pack You can do another recharge of In-Flight pack through MyJio or jio.com before expiry of your existing IFC pack and exhaustion of data entitlement Please note that In-flight services are available only to In-Flight pack users as long as validity and entitlements are available. In-flight services are not available on PayGo rates.",
"Will I be charged for incoming calls while using In-flight service? Incoming calls are not allowed in Jio Inflight service. Only Inflight Data, Outgoing voice and SMS services are available, to the active In-Flight Pack users.",
"I have recharged with an In-Flight Pack. Which all outgoing voice calls I can make? All voice outgoing calls (except calls to satellite, premium IR numbers, Short codes, and special numbers) are allowed.",
"I have recharged with an In-Flight Pack, when will the pack validity start? Your pack will remain in queue until you make a call/data/SMS while in the flight. On the first usage instance on the In-Flight Pack, the pack validity starts and remains valid for next 24 hours from that time. Please note In-flight services network will be available only in the covered flight and when your flight attains height of 20,000 feet above the ground.",
"I am a Postpaid customer, can I buy prepaid In-Flight pack? Yes, you can buy prepaid In-Flight Pack. Steps to purchase In-Flight Pack are given below. MyJio App Open the MyJio app Select Mobile and Tap on ‘Get an Add on packs’ Select ‘In-flight Connectivity packs’ Click on Inflight connectivity packs Select the pack which you want to recharge Tap on buy and select the payment mode and make the payment Jio.com Open www.jio.com Click on ‘Mobile’ then select ‘International Services’ Tab. Scroll and select ‘Plans you may like’ under ‘In-flight connectivity packs’ From the packs available choose – ‘In-Flight Connectivity’ packs Choose your pack as per your need and click on ‘Buy’ Post recharge, your IR services will be automatically activated along with the IR pack. Jio Store/ Jio Retailer You can visit our Jio store or Jio Retailer to recharge your Jio number with our In-Flight Pack Post recharge your IR services will be automatically activated along with the In-Flight pack",
"Where can I view my In-Flight Packs usage in my Statement of Account / Invoice? In-Flight Packs usage will be displayed under ‘Itemized Usage’ with the header ‘Satellite’ in your Statement of Account / Invoice.",
"What is International roaming In-Flight service? Jio Inflight service allows you to stay connected in the covered flight at above 20000 feet. You need to recharge with Jio prepaid in-flight communication Packs before onboarding the flight. Customers with active In-flight connectivity (IFC) Packs, will be able to use data, outgoing voice calls and SMS (wherever applicable) as per the pack entitlement quota available. Please check the list of airlines/international flights in which you can use the in-flight service here",
"How can I use Jio IFC Packs and the steps activate IFC Packs? To use IFC Packs providing inflight data, outgoing voice calls and SMS, you have to recharge with the IFC Packs (applicable for both prepaid and postpaid customers) before boarding the flight when connected to Jio network. Once you are in the flight and the flight has reached 20,000 feet and above, follow these steps: Switch on your phone with Airplane Mode off Your phone will automatically connect to the AeroMobile network. The network name may differ dependent on the handset If your phone does not connect to the AeroMobile network automatically you will need to go to ‘Carrier’ in your phone settings and manually select AeroMobile Ensure Data Roaming is on to use data services Once connected, you will receive a welcome text and pricing information You can now use your mobile phone to call, text, email and surf the internet* Incoming calls are not allowed. You will need to disable Wi-Fi connectivity to use mobile data. As a courtesy to fellow passengers, please keep your phone on vibrate. *Please note - some applications can download data even when you are not actively using them, and you may be charged as a result. Manage your application settings to help avoid these costs. International roaming rates apply.",
"Can I recharge with the IFC Packs after reaching another country? Yes, you can recharge with the In-flight pack on jio.com/ MyJio by connecting to either a mobile or Wi-Fi network, just before boarding your flight.",
"What is the Data speed I will get in the IFC Packs? The network speed of In-Flight connectivity is dependent on the in-flight network operators (OnAir or AeroMobile) and the regulations governing air travel. The in-flight network operators are constantly reviewing and innovating their services to provide a better surfing experience for the customers.",
"Can I use IFC Packs while the plane is in Indian Airspace? No, as per regulation In-Flight Communication (IFC) services are currently not available while you are in Indian Air Space.",
"In which all Airlines I can use Jio IFC Packs? In below given Airlines, you can use Jio IFC Packs. Data and SMS services are available in all Airlines. However, voice services are available in select Airlines. All services = Voice, SMS and Data # Partner Airlines Airports Served Services Enabled 1 Aer Lingus Scheduled transatlantic routes between Ireland and Orlando, Chicago, Boston, San Francisco, Washington DC, Newark, Los Angeles, Miami, Seattle, New York and Toronto. Data and SMS 2 Air Serbia AeroMobile services are available on flights from Air Serbia’s Belgrade hub to New York. All Services 3 Alitalia New Delhi AeroMobile services are available on international flights, to destinations including New York, Miami and South America from Alitalia’s hub airports Milan and Rome All Services 4 Asiana Airlines Asiana Airlines’ in-flight mobile phone network is available on flights from its Seoul hub to China, Japan, Philippines, Singapore and the United States. SMS and VoiceNo Data 5 Biman Bangladesh Airlines New Delhi; West Bengal AeroMobile services on selected flights to global destinations from its Dhaka hub All Services 6 Cathay Pacific Connected flights will depart from Cathay Pacific’s Hong Kong hub to destinations including Bangkok, Singapore, Osaka and other long-haul destinations. Data and SMS 7 Egypt Air New Delhi EgyptAir offer AeroMobile services on selected flights to Europe, USA, Canada, South Africa and Asia. All Services 8 Emirates New Delhi; Bangalore; Chennai; Mumbai and more AeroMobile is available on over 300 flights every day, to and from Dubai. All Services 9 Etihad Airways New Delhi; Bangalore; Chennai; Mumbai and more AeroMobile services are available on flights to and from Abu Dhabi. The services are subject to airline scheduling, and cannot be guaranteed, please check onboard announcements for connectivity options on your flight. All Services 10 Euro wings Connected flights will depart from EuroWing’s German hub in Cologne, travelling to destinations including Cuba, Phuket, Dubai and Barbados. All Services 11 EVA Air AeroMobile services are available on flights to and from Taipei, New York, Los Angeles and Vietnam. Data and SMS 12 Kuwait Airways New Delhi; Mumbai The service is available on flights from Kuwait International Airport to various long-haul destinations. All Services 13 Lufthansa New Delhi; Bangalore; Chennai; Mumbai Lufthansa serves routes worldwide from their Munich and Frankfurt hubs. Data and SMS 14 Malaysia Airlines Mumbai Malaysia Airlines operate its connected A350 aircraft on flights to and from London Heathrow, Japan (Narita International Airport) and Hong Kong from their hub in Kuala Lumpur. All Services 15 Malindo Air New Delhi; Bangalore; Chennai; Mumbai and more AeroMobile services are available on flights to and from Malaysia, Indonesia, Thailand, India, Nepal and Bangladesh. All Services 16 SAS Scandinavian Airlines SAS operates connectivity services on domestic Scandinavian routes and long haul flights to the USA, Hong Kong, China and Japan All Services 17 Singapore Airlines New Delhi; Mumbai AeroMobile services are available on routes to and from Singapore including London Heathrow, Hong Kong, Australia and Tokyo Data and SMS 18 SWISS Swiss operates connectivity services on domestic Scandinavian routes and long haul flights to the USA, Hong Kong, China and Japan All Services 19 TAP Air Portugal Scheduled routes to South and Central America including; Brazil, El Salvador and Mexico. Data and SMS 20 Turkish Airlines New Delhi; Mumbai; Chennai The service is available on flights from Turkish Airlines Istanbul hub to various long-haul destinations. Data and SMS 21 Uzbekistan Airways Uzbekistan Airways offer AeroMobile services on selected flights to destinations including Europe, Asia and USA All Services 22 Virgin Atlantic New Delhi The service is available on selected flights from Manchester and London Heathrow All Services",
"How can I activate In-Flight Pack? To use In-Flight pack providing in-flight data, outgoing voice calls and SMS, you have to recharge with the IFC Packs before boarding the flight. Once the flight has reached 20,000 feet, please follow these steps: Switch ON your phone with Airplane Mode Off Your phone will automatically connect to the AeroMobile network (the network name may differ dependent on the handset) If your phone does not connect to the AeroMobile network automatically, you will need to go to ‘Carrier’ in your phone settings and manually select ‘AeroMobile’ Ensure Data Roaming is ON to use data services Incoming calls are not allowed. You will need to disable Wi-Fi connectivity to use mobile data. As a courtesy to fellow passengers, please keep your phone on vibrate.",
"What if I am unable to use data services In-flight? If your phone does not connect to the AeroMobile network automatically you will need to go to ‘Carrier’ in your phone settings and manually select AeroMobile. Step 1: To use data services, you will need to ensure Data Roaming is On Step 2: Once connected, you will receive a welcome text and pack benefits information Step 3: You can now use your mobile phone to call, text, email and surf the internet* *Please note that some applications can download data even when you are not actively using them, and you may be charged as a result. Manage your application settings to help avoid these costs.",
"How do I make calls when in flight, and having IFC Packs activated? Dial '+' followed by the country code, then key in the phone number. For example, to call from Singapore to India, dial +917018899999",
"Can I access Jio's media apps while in flight? Jio media apps (JioCinema, JioTV, etc.) are designed to work only within India. They are not available on international roaming.",
"Will prepaid card of J&K, Assam & North East work when in In-Flight International Roaming under Postpaid Plans? No. In-Flight service is an International Roaming service. As per prevailing Indian Regulations, Prepaid subscribers of J&K, Assam & North East will not be allowed to use International Roaming service.",
"I have subscribed to IFC Packs. Will I be able to make Video calls while in the flight? No, video calling feature is currently not available in Inflight services. However, if you are using any OTT app (like WhatsApp) to make the video call then you will be able to continue to do so provided you have kept the data roaming ON. The data will be consumed from your IFC Pack entitlements.",
"Whom do I reach out for help in case I face an issue with my Jio SIM while I am in the flight? If you are connected to In-Flight network and need assistance for voice, data or SMS services, please WhatsApp us or call on +91 70188 99999. Please note the charges applicable. Calls will be charged to your IFC pack voice usage entitlement and WhatsApp chat data will be charged to data usage entitlement.",
"How do I check my IFC pack Data, voice and SMS balance entitlements? You can check your usage details on MyJio or jio.com. Login into your account, click the 'Usage' tab to check your usage details. Note that your usage details are not real time and will have to check after few hours for recent data usage details.",
"What happens when Aircraft is closer to the ground? During take-off or landing, if you have recharged with a normal international roaming pack (₹1101 with unlimited data international roaming pack, etc.) and you are using the internet, the pack may be automatically activated due to low elevation of the aircraft, and strong signals from ground levels. To prevent this from happening, you may wish to turn on flight-mode on your phone during take-off and landing, and when the aircraft is near your destination.",
"Is ISD activated for JioPostpaid Plus customers? Yes, it is pre-actived.",
"I am a PostPaid customer; can I buy prepaid ISD Combo 501 pack under Postpaid? Yes, you can buy ISD Combo Pack online on www.jio.com or using MyJio app. Recharge / Subscribe facility is also available at your nearest Digital Stores, Jio Centers and Stores. Online payments can be made using Jio Money/Debit Card/Credit card, Net banking or by using payment wallets like JioMoney, Paytm and Mobikwik. You can recharge with ISD pack multiple times to get additional monetary balance as per your usage requirement.",
"What are the charges for sending International SMS? PostPaid customers having sufficient credit limit available - Can send International SMS @ Rs.5/SMS.",
"What is the JioBharat IPL DDD Offer? Customers buying JioBharat phones are eligible for a complimentary additional 2 months free. This offer is applicable on a prepaid recharge plan ₹234 or ₹1234. The complimentary Jio Bharat Offer will work only on Jio Bharat devices purchased from 01st Apr’24. Applicable for new (including MNP) & existing Jio customers. This plan works on JioBharat devices only. Benefit will be provided only once per JioBharat device purchased after 01st Apr' 24 / Per mobile number.",
"What is the start date of Jio Bharat Offer 2024? Jio Bharat device offer is a limited period offer starting 1st April 2024. All customers buying a Jio Bharat device during the offer period are eligible for this offer. The customer has to insert Jio SIM in a new Bharat Phone on or after 1st April 2024.",
"How do I claim the Jio Bharat Offer 2024? The complimentary offer will be auto credit within 15 Days on your mobile connection once you insert Jio SIM in your new Jio Bharat device. The complimentary plan shall go to the queue and will get auto-activated upon expiry of the active plan.",
"Is the ‘Jio Bharat Offer 2024’ be available on devices purchased from e-commerce sites? Yes, you can avail of the ‘Jio Bharat Offer 2024’ for all eligible devices purchased from stores as well as e-commerce sites in India during the offer period.",
"Can I transfer the Jio Bharat Offer 2024 to any other Jio number? Jio Bharat 2024 Offer is non-transferable. Once credited, it will work on the same Jio SIM on which the offer has been provided.",
"Is the “Jio Bharat Offer 2024” applicable for existing Jio subscribers as well? The offer is applicable for both new and existing Jio subscriber who purchases a new Jio Bharat device and latches onto the Jio network with this device for the first time on or after 1st April 2024.",
"How will I get to know if the offer Plan “Jio Bharat Offer 2024” has been credited to my account? You will be notified through SMS/ Email once the Jio Bharat Offer 2024 is credited to your mobile number. You can view the Plan details in Myjio App and Jio.com as well.",
"I am not a Jio user and purchased a Jio Bharat Phone. How do I get the Jio Bharat Offer 2024? Customers can avail of the offer after porting his/her number to Jio Network within the offer period to get benefits of the Jio Bharat 2024 Offer.",
"What is the Jio Republic Day Offer? The Jio Republic Day Offer provides special benefits to both existing and new Jio users recharging with the ₹2999 plan. Once you recharge, you will get more than ₹3000 worth of coupons for shopping, travelling, and food. This is a limited-period offer starting from 15th Jan 2024 and will be valid up to 31st Jan 2024. Additional benefits of the offer are listed below: 1. Shopping: AJIO-₹500 off on a minimum transaction of ₹2499 Tira-30% off on and above a purchase of ₹999 – Max Discount: ₹1000 Reliance Digital: 10% off on a minimum purchase of ₹5000- Max Discount: ₹10000 2. Travel: Ixigo -Upto ₹1500 off on Flights (₹500 on 1 pax, ₹1000 on 2 paxs, ₹1500 on 3 paxs). 3. Food: Swiggy- Discount of ₹125 off on ₹299 on Food Orders (*2 Coupons)) Note: Coupons will be displayed in the MyJio app immediately after recharge.",
"Who can avail of the Jio Republic Day Offer benefits? If you buy a new Jio SIM or recharge your existing Jio connection with the ₹2,999 plan, you will be eligible for the Jio Republic Day Offer benefits. You can recharge during the offer period from offline and online channels (ex. Jio.com, MyJio, and TPA).",
"How do I redeem the coupons of the Jio Republic Day Offer? Once you recharge with the ₹2,999 plan, additional partner benefits shall be credited to the ‘Coupons & Winnings’ Section of your personal account in the MyJio app. Select the MyJio 'Coupons & Winnings' tab for coupon code details and get the offered benefits after applying the coupons during your shopping, travelling, and food orders from the respective brands.",
"Can I transfer the data voucher and coupons of my Jio Republic Day Offer to my friend? Coupons received under this offer are non-transferrable to another Jio number. However, you can share the coupons with your friends and family.",
"Can I perform multiple recharges of ₹2,999 for the Jio Republic Day Offer? Yes, you will get the Jio Republic Day Offer benefits with every recharge of ₹2,999 during the offer period.",
"How do I know when the ₹2999 offer benefits will get credited to my account? You will receive an SMS notification once the coupons of the Jio Republic Day Offer are credited to your account. You can view the coupon details in the ‘Coupons & Winnings’ tab of the MyJio app.",
"Can I redeem partial amounts from any of the coupons received under the Jio Republic Day Offer? Coupons can only be redeemed in full at partner websites or apps. Partial redemption is not allowed.",
"Can I gift the ₹2,999 recharge to my family/friends? If so, who will get the coupons? Yes, you can perform a gift recharge of the Jio Republic Day Offer. The coupons will be credited to the MyJio account of the Jio number on which the recharge of ₹2,999 is successful.",
"What is Jio New Year Offer 2024? DEFINITIONS The Jio New Year 2024 Offer provides a complimentary 24-day validity voucher if you purchase the annual plan at ₹2999, starting from December 20, 2023. Given below are the details of the benefits you will get with the ‘24 Days Validity Voucher’: Eligible recharge Validity Benefits MRP 2999 24 Days Unlimited 4G Data - 2.5 GB/day highspeed data and thereafter unlimited data at 64 Kbps; Unlimited 5G data, as per pack benefits Unlimited National Calls at home and roaming 3. 100 National SMS/Day in-home and roaming 100 National SMS/Day in-home and roaming Complimentary subscription to Jio Apps",
"Who can avail of the Jio New Year 2024 Offer benefits? Customers opting for the ₹2,999 plan qualify for an extra 24 days of validity along with a 2.5 GB per day unlimited data plan. Recharges can be made through various channels, both offline and online, including Jio.com, MyJio, and TPA, within the offer period.",
"How do I redeem the 24-days extra voucher of the Jio New Year 2024 Offer? Upon recharging with ₹2999, the validity voucher will be accessible in the ‘Voucher’ section of your account on the MyJio app. To redeem the voucher, follow these steps: Navigate to the ‘Voucher’ tab of the MyJio app Redeem the 24-day extra validity voucher. (Note: Please ensure the voucher is redeemed within 365 days from the date of credit.)",
"Can I transfer the Jio New Year 2024 Offer’s extra validity voucher to my friend? Validity vouchers received under the Jio New Year 2024 Offer are non-transferable.",
"Can I perform multiple recharges of ₹2999 Jio New Year Offer? Yes, you can perform multiple recharges of ₹2999 and you will get an offer benefit on every recharge.",
"I have done multiple recharges of ₹2999/- and the plan is in the queue. Can I redeem the extra validity voucher? Yes, you can redeem the extra validity voucher of the Jio New Year Offer any time within 365 days of credit and the extra validity plan will remain in queue. You don’t have to activate the queued plan as it will get automatically activated upon the expiry of the active plan.",
"What is Jio Youth Pass? Jio Youth Pass is an exclusive pass with a host of incredible offers for Jio Youth customers. Features and benefits of Jio Youth Pass: Discount on your dream smartphone on Reliance Digital Flat discounts of ₹1,000 on Samsung, Apple, Vivo, Oppo Flat discount of ₹500 on Xiaomi, One Plus and Realme handsets The customer can opt for two handsets to get maximum value Flat 5 % off on a wide range of electronics like Laptops, Headphones, Smartwatches and accessories on Reliance Digital Offers from your favourite brands (for new customers only): AJIO Offers: ₹200 off on purchase of ₹1,199 EatSure: ₹125 off on orders of ₹249 and above Abhibus: Flat 25% off up to ₹1,000 Reliance Trends: Rs. 500 off on shopping for Rs. 2500 Reliance Smart Bazaar and Smart Superstore: 10% off, saving up to Rs. 50 Netmeds: Flat ₹200 off on a pharma order of Rs. 999 + 50% NMS Supercash. 3 months Netmeds First Membership worth Rs. 499 for free Zivame: Rs. 200 off on shopping for Rs. 799 Truly Unlimited 5G data with Jio True 5G Welcome Offer Best of music offers on JioSaavn: For the first time, a unique college community on JioSaavn: Get a playlist unique to your college based on the listening habits of your college friends 67% off on JioSaavn Pro Amazing, immersive 360 VR with Jio Dive VR headset Jio Plus Postpaid Family plan Starting at ₹399 per month Additional 3 add-on connections @ ₹99 per SIM Total monthly charge of only ₹696 for a family of 4 (₹399 + ₹99 * 3) Effective monthly charge of ₹174 per SIM",
"How can I get Jio Youth Pass? You can get a Jio Youth Pass in a few easy steps as below: Look out for the Youth Pass poster in your college and scan the QR code You’ll be re-directed to a Whatsapp bot. Click on the 'Get Youth Pass’ button. Enter the requested details to create your Youth Pass Users can receive an invitation from other Youth Pass holders (We encourage existing Youth Pass customers to share the Youth Pass with as many of their friends as possible for them to enjoy the benefits as well.) Once the Youth Pass is generated, applicable benefits can be accessed instantly through the MyJio app Customers who are not on the Jio network can simply port to Jio or get a new Jio SIM to access the Youth Pass benefits",
"Who is eligible to create a Jio Youth Pass and avail benefits? Jio Youth Pass gives access to amazing offers for the Youth, but anyone with an active Indian mobile number is eligible to create a Youth Pass. But for you to enjoy the benefits you need to be on a Jio connection. AJIO, Abhibus, EatSure, Netmeds, Reliance Trends, Reliance Smart, and Zivame coupons are only applicable for customers who have joined Jio on or after 09 Aug 2023.",
"How can I redeem Jio Youth Pass benefits? If you are a Jio customer, after creating a Youth Pass you will receive your coupons in the ‘Coupons and Winning’ section of your personal account in MyJio. If you are not a Jio customer, you can create a Youth Pass and switch to Jio to enjoy benefits. Follow the steps below to redeem your coupons: Login to MyJio app using your Jio Youth Pass mobile number Select ‘Coupon and Winnings’ to see your coupons To redeem the coupons, copy the coupon code and use it during checkout on the partner app/website to avail the offer Jio Saavn offer can be redeemed by going to your Youth Pass benefits page ->Jio Saavn section->Click on Redeem Saavn Pro offer",
"How will I get to know about coupons credited in my account after creating my Youth pass? You can check the ‘Coupons & Winnings’ section in MyJio app for coupons. Login to MyJio using the mobile number registered for your Youth Pass to check.",
"I’m unable see coupon code for Jio Saavn Pro offer. How can I avail the offer? Jio Saavn offer can be redeemed by going to your Youth Pass benefits page ->Saavn Pro offer tile ->Click on Redeem Saavn Pro offer Or you can simply login to the Jio Saavn app using your Youth Pass registered mobile number to redeem the offer Select ‘Jio Saavn Pro Student pack’ and checkout Please log in to Jio Saavn app with your Youth Pass mobile number to avail the benefit",
"I have a Jio Youth Pass, but I’m unable to redeem any benefits. How can I redeem? Please follow the below steps: Jio Youth Pass offers and benefits are only applicable for Jio customers If you are a non-Jio customer, you can activate your benefits by porting your registered number to Jio or by getting a new Jio connection If you port your number to Jio, the benefits will automatically be credited to your MyJio account In case you are getting a new Jio SIM, simply create a new Youth Pass on the new Jio number Click here to join Jio",
"Can I redeem Youth Pass coupons multiple times? No, Youth Pass coupons can be used only once per registered mobile number.",
"I’m a non-Jio customer. How can I become eligible for Youth Pass benefits? Please follow the below processs: If you are a non-Jio customer, you can simply create the Youth Pass and switch to Jio by porting your Youth Pass registered mobile number to become eligible for Youth Pass benefits You can also get a new Jio number and create a new Youth Pass on the new Jio number to avail benefits Click here to join the Jio Network.",
"I have a Jio Youth Pass. How can I access the Jio Youth Pass benefits page? To access the Jio Youth pass benefits page, click on the link click received on Whatsapp and SMS on your Youth Pass registered mobile number to open your benefits page.",
"How can I invite my friends to create Youth Pass? Follow the below steps to invite your friends: Go to your Jio Youth Pass benefits page and click on ‘Invite your Friends to get a Youth Pass’ option You will be redirected to a WhatsApp bot Enter your name Share the contacts of your friends to be invited and confirm Your friends will receive the invitation on WhatsApp with a link to create their Youth Pass",
"I’m not able to find my college name while creating Youth Pass. How can I proceed to create a Youth Pass? Please select ‘Others’ option and enter the name of your college in the space provided to proceed for Youth Pass creation.",
"How can I access my city playlist on Jio Saavn? Follow the below steps to access your city playlist on JioSaavn: Go to your Youth Pass benefits page and click on ‘Jio Saavn’ card in the ‘Upgrade your digital life’ section Click on the ‘Listen Now’, this will take you to your city playlist in Jio Saavn app You can also directly go to Jio Saavn app -> Search -> Channels -> City Playlists",
"I’m not a college student currently. What should I enter in college details? If you are not a college student currently, just select the name of the college you have graduated from or select ‘Others’ to proceed.",
"I’m unable to find my college playlist on JioSaavn. Where can I find it? You can follow the below steps to find your college playlist: JioSaavn college playlists have been created basis the listening trends of Jio customers with a Youth Pass To create a dedicated college playlist a minimum of 150 active JioSaavn user with Jio Youth Pass are required You can invite your friends to create a Youth Pass to increase the chances of getting a dedicated playlist for your college In the meanwhile, you can also tune in to the city playlists that have been created basis listening trends of Youth customers in your city (You can access your city playlist in Jio Saavn app - >Search->Channels-> City Playlists.) We have created around 100 city playlists till now and are in process of creating city playlist for other cities as well If you are unable to find your city playlist, we might still be in the process of creating it",
"How can I get Unlimited 5G data offer on my Jio SIM? In our promise to make our customers’ life simpler, we bring the latest technology with the highest level of convenience. Jio is a true 5G-ready network, unlike other networks. Jio users do not need to change their SIM cards. You will need a Jio-5G network compatible 5G handset and 5G-network availability in your area, and you will be eligible for an invitation to the Jio Welcome Offer. Check the FAQ section on this page to know more",
"I am an existing Jio Postpaid customer. Can I get new JioPlus plans? Yes, you can simply change your plan by visiting the MyJio app’s plan change section. For more info on JioPlus plans click here.",
"I am an existing Jio Prepaid customer, can I get JioPlus plans on the same number? Yes, you can migrate your prepaid number to new JioPlus Postpaid plans yourself. Follow the below simple steps for hassle free migration. Open MyJio App and click on Prepaid to Postpaid migration banner. You will get an OTP on the registered mobile number Enter the OTP and you will see new postpaid plans Select the JioPlus postpaid plan and proceed. For more info on JioPlus plans click here.",
"What are Jio/MyJio payment offers? Various Payment Partners (Wallets, UPI, Banks, Credit cards etc) run offers to use their payment method while doing recharge,bill payemts etc on Jio/MyJio. The following table is for recharge offers. Partners New Payment User Existing Payment User Remarks Amazon Pay Get upto ₹75 Cashback* NA Applicable on payments done via Amazon Pay UPI Mobile recharge has to be ₹149 or more. CRED Pay Get Flat ₹15 Cashback* Get Flat ₹15 Cashback* Offer is Valid for transaction via CRED Pay UPI. Mobile recharge has to be ₹249 & above. TWID Pay Get upto ₹200 Cashback* Get upto ₹200 Cashback* Applicable on payments done via TWID Pay Mobile recharge has to be ₹249 & above, Fiber bill payment/Recharge has to be ₹399 or more. Simpl Get upto ₹400 Cashback* NA Applicable on payments done via Simpl Buy Now Pay Later Fiber bill payment/Recharge has to be ₹249 & above MobiKwik Get upto 10% Cashback* Get upto 10% Cashback* Applicable on payments done via MobiKwik UPI Mobile recharge has to be ₹249 & above, Fiber bill/payment/recharge has to be ₹499 & above. MobiKwik Get Flat ₹25 Cashback* Get upto 10% Cashback* Applicable on payments done via MobiKwik Wallet, Mobile recharge has to be ₹249 & above. Paytm Get upto ₹200 Cashback* Get upto ₹200 Cashback* Applicable on payments done via Paytm UPI Lite Mobile recharge has to be ₹240 & above. MobiKwik Get Flat ₹30 Cashback* Get upto 10% Cashback* Applicable on payments done via MobiKwik Wallet Fiber bill payment/recharge has to be ₹499 or more. Paytm Get upto ₹100 Cashback* Get upto ₹100 Cashback* Applicable on payments done via Paytm UPI Mobile recharge has to be ₹240 & above. *Amazon Pay UPI : On Mobile/Fiber bill payment or recharges of amount ₹149 & above *CRED Pay UPI : On Mobile/Fiber bill payment or recharges of amount ₹249 & above *TWID Pay : On Mobile/Fiber bill payment or recharges of amount ₹249 & above for Mobile Recharge,₹399 & above for Fiber. *Simpl : On Mobile/Fiber bill payment or recharges of amount ₹249 & above *MobiKwik UPI : On Mobile/Fiber bill payment or recharges of amount ₹249 & above for Mobile Recharge, ₹499 & above for Fiber *Mobikwik Wallet: On Mobile/Fiber bill Payment or recharges of amount ₹249 & above for Mobile Recharge,₹499 & above for Fiber. *Paytm UPI Lite : On Mobile/Fiber bill payment or recharges of amount ₹240 & above *Paytm UPI : On Mobile/Fiber bill payment or recharges of amount ₹240 & above",
"What does a New Payment User or Existing Payment User mean in Jio/MyJio payment offers? A New Payment user means, a user using a particular payment mode for the first time. User who is already resgistered and has been using the particular payment method is reffered as Existing Payment User",
"Where can we see the complete details of Jio/MyJio payment offers? Complete information about the offer is availiable in \"Know More\" section of the offer details and in T&Cs",
"When will I get the Jio/MyJio payment offers Cashback/Rewards? For eligible customers, applicable Cashback/Rewards get credited as per terms & conditions of the respective partner. Refer \"Know More\" for T&C",
"Whom should I contact for any Jio/MyJio payment offer related queries? For any offer related queries please contact Customer Support team of Payment Partner",
"What is JioTogether offer? Jio Together offer is a special offer made available to Customers in a phased manner, as determined by the Company, to invite a friend or a family member to avail RJIO services, by porting their existing mobile number or getting a new connection. Both the Jio customer and the friend are eligible to receive Jio recharge vouchers and such other additional benefits which includes discount vouchers from various brands.",
"Who is eligible to participate in JioTogether program? Only those Jio Customers who have received an invitation can participate in JioTogether program.",
"How do I know if I am eligible to participate in JioTogether Program? We’ll inform the eligible customers through Whatsapp notification, SMS and other methods.",
"How can I participate in JioTogether program? If you receive an invitation to participate through WhatsApp, SMS or any other means, you need to simply invite your friends or family members to join Jio either by porting their existing mobile numbers or getting a new Jio connection. If you are a Referred Customer, you need to simply port in your existing mobile number or get a new Jio connection.",
"When do I become eligible to get the benefits of the JioTogether Offer? You become eligible when a friend or a family member referred by you :- a) successfully activates a Jio connection; b) makes first recharge of Rs. 199 or Rs. 249 for prepaid plans; c) send message via WhatsApp to 79774 79774 by typing \"FRIEND\" and submit the Referrer’s mobile number within 3 days from the date of SIM activation.",
"Is there any timeline for submitting the mobile number of the Referrer, in order to claim benefits of the JioTogether Offer? Yes. The Referred Customer should forward the Referrer’s mobile number within 3 days from the date of activation of the SIM, to claim the benefits under JioTogether offer.",
"What benefits do I get in JioTogether Offer, if a friend invited by me joins Jio? You'll receive a voucher with benefits of Rs. 119 (14 days) and Rs. 419 (28 days) on every 1st/3rd/5th/7th/9th/11th friend and 2nd/4th/6th/8th/10th/12th friend, respectively, as per the number of friends invited by you joins Jio and fulfils all criteria. The following table illustrates the benefits in JioTogether offer: No. of Friends Additional Vouchers 1 Rs. 119 (14 days) 2 Rs. 419 (28 days) 3 Rs. 419 + Rs. 119 4 2 x Rs. 419 5 2 x Rs. 419 + Rs. 119 6 3 x Rs. 419 7 3 x Rs. 419 + Rs. 119 8 4 x Rs. 419 9 4 x Rs. 419 + Rs. 119 10 5 x Rs. 419 11 5 x Rs. 419 + Rs. 119 12 6 x Rs. 419 Also, you will be eligible to receive additional benefits of Rs. 2000 in form of discount vouchers from various brands, by bringing any number of friends to Jio.",
"What benefits does the friend get in JioTogether Offer, when he/ she joins Jio on my invite? Your friend will receive a voucher with benefits of Rs. 119 plan, if eligible. Also, they will be eligible to receive additional benefits upto Rs. 2000 in form of discount vouchers from various brands. You will receive vouchers by 7th of every calendar month",
"Where can I see my available benefits of the JioTogether Offer? Download and login to MyJio App. Tap on Menu - Vouchers to see all the available vouchers in your account. You will receive vouchers by 7th of every calendar month",
"I don’t see my vouchers of JioTogether Offer in Myjio App? Vouchers are credited by 7th of every calendar month. Vouchers may not be credited, if the conditions set out above are not fulfilled.",
"How many friends can I bring to Jio as part of JioTogether program? You can bring happiness to as many friends as you want and let them experience a truly digital life! You'll be eligible for benefits upto a maximum of 12 friends in a calendar month and 24 friends overall.",
"What happens if my friend submits a wrong mobile number to claim benefits of the JioTogether Offer? We'll accept only the 1st valid submission of mobile number as final, and it can not be changed later.",
"I did not receive any communication from Jio to participate in the JioTogether program. How can I participate? Presently we are sending invitation to Customers in a phased manner, as determined by the Company.",
"If the Referred Customer is already an existing Jio customer, can he claim benefits under Jio Together Offer? No. This is applicable only for new Jio customer.",
"If the Referred Customer is already an existing Jio customer, can he claim benefits under JioTogether Offer? No. This is applicable only for new Jio customer.",
"What is the ‘Recharge Dhamaka contest’? Recharge Dhamaka contest, celebrates Jio’s 6th Year anniversary with 6 Days of celebration i.e., from 06 Sep to 11 Sep. Every day during these six days period, Jio customer (new or existing) can recharge with plan value Rs 299 & above (validity plans only) to participate in the contest and win exciting prizes daily. Over 10 Lakh worth prizes would be distributed to customers daily. * Recharge Dhamaka contest is not applicable for residents of Tamil Nadu",
"What should I do to be eligible for this ‘Recharge Dhamaka Contest’? As a Jio customer: To be eligible in the Recharge Dhamaka contest: Recharge your Jio number with 299 & above during the contest period (6th September 00:00 hr to 11th September 23.59 hr) On successful recharge, you will get an SMS with a JioEngage link to participate in the contest Participate in the JioEngage platform and answer a few simple questions. Answer to be completed before 10 AM of the day following the recharge.",
"What happens if the I recharge with 299 & Above value but did not participate in JioEngage platform? Participation in Recharge Dhamaka contest is not mandatory. You can continue enjoying plan benefits offered under the plan. However, if you have recharged with 299 & above, we recommend you to immediately participate in the JioEngage platform and answer the correct question to be eligible for big rewards.",
"What happens if I recharge with plan value of Rs.299 & above but gives a wrong answer in JioEngage platform? The questions posed are generic and simple in nature. Answering questions correctly is a pre-requisite for the contest.",
"I have recharged my Jio number with Rs. 719 plan during the contest period. Will I be able to participate in the contest? Yes, you would be able to participate the contest on recharging with 719 plan during the contest period as the plan value is Rs.299 & above. To be eligible for the contest, you would need to participate in the JioEngage platform and answer the question.",
"What happens when customer recharged with Rs. 299 & above after the contest period? The contest is valid for Jio customers who have recharged with plan value Rs. 299 & above only during the period 06 Sep 00:00 to 11 Sep 11:59 PM (i.e. for 6 days)",
"I have recharged with Plan value Rs. 299 on 06 Sep, but I did not receive JioEngage link? All Jio customers who have recharged with plan value Rs. 299 & above will receive JioEngage link via SMS after recharge.",
"I am a postpaid Jio customer; will I be eligible for this contest on recharge with 299 & above? Jio Postpaid customer will also be eligible for the contest on recharging prepaid plan validity of Rs. 299 & above.",
"My current Jio plan for my number to expire on 30th Sep. Will I be able to participate in the contest? Yes, customer can do advance recharge of plan value Rs. 299 & above. The plan would remain in queue and start only when the current plan validity ends.",
"Can I recharge my Jio number every day during the SIX-day period to participate in all the 6 days of contest? Yes, You can recharge every day during the six day. Everyday, customer would need to click on JioEngage link and answer the right question to participate in all the six contest held daily.",
"If I recharge my mobile number twice in a day with plan value Rs. 299 & above, Will I be able to participate the same contest twice? No, Customer on recharge with 299 & above any number of times for the same day, can be eligible to participate the contest only once for the day.",
"How will I know that I have won the contest? Winners will be notified by Jio through our standard communication.",
"On porting / getting new Jio SIM during the contest period, Will I be part of this contest? Yes, the contest is applicable for new customers into Jio Network with FRC recharge plan value Rs. 299 & above during the contest period.",
"I recharge with one of the online wallets, will I be eligible for taking part in Recharge Dhamaka Contest? Yes, recharges done from any channel, including all offline and online channels, in the offer period are eligible for Recharge Dhamaka contest.",
"What is the Jio Swiggy Recharge Offer for Jio customers? Jio is offering the Swiggy One Lite subscription bundled along with prepaid recharges. With Swiggy One Lite, you can enjoy bundled benefits in a quarterly subscription. The Swiggy One Lite subscription provides benefits worth ₹600, details of the same are given below: 10 free home deliveries on food orders above ₹149 10 free home deliveries on Instamart orders above ₹199 No surge fees on food delivery and Instamart orders Up to 30% extra discounts on 20K+ food delivery restaurants above regular offers 10% discount on Genie deliveries above ₹60 Note: The Swiggy One Lite subscription is valid for 3 months",
"Where can I use the ₹50/- cashback? The ₹50/- cashback received on your Swiggy recharge can be used on subsequent recharges of ₹866 plans through the MyJio app.",
"Is the Jio Swiggy Recharge Offer available on valid recharges done through any mode or channel like Paytm, PhonePe, etc.? Yes, you can avail the Jio Swiggy Recharge Offer through all the modes of recharge.",
"What is the process of activating the Swiggy One Lite subscription after recharging with the plan? Once you recharge with the Jio Swiggy plan, follow the simple steps to activate the Swiggy One Lite subscription: Visit the MyJio coupon section (in case you don’t have the MyJio app, install the app on your mobile from Play Store or App Store and log in with the details of your Jio prepaid number Login to the Swiggy app with your existing Swiggy account or create a new one Tap on profile, select the Swiggy One Membership, and press ‘Redeem membership coupon’ Enter the coupon code to activate your Swiggy One subscription",
"I don't have a Swiggy account. How can I avail of this offer? You can create a new account and activate the Swiggy One Lite subscription.",
"How can one avail free delivery offer of Swiggy One Lite? You can order food delivery or products from the Swiggy app or Instamart 10 times each, during the period of subscription. The delivery charges at the payment stage will automatically be marked as ₹0.",
"What offers do I get after activating Swiggy One Lite from Jio Swiggy Bundle Recharge Offer? You can order food or products from Swiggy app/Instamart 10 times each during the period of subscription. The delivery charges at payment stage will automatically be marked as 0.",
"How can I avail 10% discount on Genie deliveries? The Swiggy One Lite subscribers will automatically get a 10% discounted delivery rate on the pick-up and drop services of Genie delivery.",
"I am an existing member of Swiggy One or Swiggy One Lite. Will I be able to redeem a coupon? You have the option to redeem your coupon and activate the One Lite membership. Please note that activating One Lite while you are already on an active plan will end your ongoing plan. Hence, it is recommended that you apply the coupon once your current subscription expires.",
"What are the surge prices on food delivery and Instamart? Orders placed on holidays, festivals, and rainy days have surge prices added to delivery. However, Swiggy One Lite subscribers are not charged any additional surge fee and are eligible for standard delivery charges post availing of 10 free deliveries.",
"How to recover a forgotten Swiggy login ID or password? You need to enter your mobile number in the login screen of the Swiggy app and enter the OTP received to log into your Swiggy account.",
"Will I be able to renew my expired plan through a Swiggy One Lite coupon? Yes, if your membership of either Swiggy One Lite or Swiggy One has expired, you can use your Swiggy One Lite coupon to renew.",
"Can I redeem my Swiggy One Lite coupon in any city? Yes, you can redeem your Swiggy One Lite coupon in any city, even if One Lite is currently unavailable there. However, it is important to note that the benefits you can enjoy will vary depending on the categories available in that specific city.",
"What will happen once I finish my 10 free deliveries on food delivery or Instamart? YOnce you have enjoyed all 10 free deliveries on either food delivery or Instamart, you can still make the most of your membership by continuing to enjoy extra discounts on food delivery. To renew your free deliveries, simply wait for the validity of your membership to end. Until then, keep enjoying the amazing discounts.",
"What is the validity of the Swiggy One Lite coupon? The unredeemed Swiggy One Lite coupon will be available in your MyJio account up to 31st March 2024. You need to redeem it before it expires to avail the exciting membership benefits.",
"What is the Jio Additional Data Offer? “Jio Additional Data Offer” entitles Eligible Subscribers 6 Additional Data Voucher of 3GB each, who have purchased and activated Eligible Device during the subsistence of the Program. The Program shall be open to all Eligible Subscribers on or after 6th May, 2023.",
"From when is Jio Additional Data Offer valid? The offer is valid for Eligible Devices, purchased during the Jio Additional Data Offer days on Amazon and activated for the first time on or after 6th May 2023 on Jio Network.",
"Where can I see the Additional Data Voucher? The Additional Data Voucher shall be credited in the MyJio app of the Eligible Subscriber upon receipt of IMEI details of the Eligible Subscribers at the end of the Program.",
"How do I Claim the Jio Additional Data Offer and from when can I claim? Eligible Subscribers to a post-paid plan can redeem the Additional Data Vouchers immediately after activating RJIL SIM on the Eligible Device. Existing Eligible Subscribers of a pre-paid plan can redeem the Additional Data Vouchers (i) immediately if their existing subscription plan is for Rs. 239/ or above. (ii) if their existing subscription plan is lower than Rs. 239/- then the Additional Data Vouchers can be redeemed when they do next recharge of Rs. 239 or above. . This upgradation of plan should happen within 1 Year of voucher credit in MyJio account.",
"Can the vouchers, under the Jio Additional Data Offer be transferred to any other RJIL number? No, the vouchers are non-transferable.",
"Will the Jio Additional Data Offer be available, if I purchase eligible device from any other ecommerce sites? No, “Jio Additional Data Offer” is available only for Eligible Devices, purchased from Amazon during the subsistence of the Program.",
"Is the “Jio Additional Data Offer” applicable to existing Jio subscribers as well? Yes, the offer is applicable for both existing as well as new RJIL prepaid and/ or post-paid subscribers.",
"Can I avail any other offer along with the Jio Additional Data Offer? No, two or more offers cannot be clubbed together.",
"How will I get to know if the vouchers, under the “Jio Additional Data Offer” has been credited to my account? And where can I view the vouchers? You will be notified through appropriate channel when the vouchers have been credited to your account. You can view the vouchers under the “My Vouchers” section in MyJio app.",
"Is the “Jio Additional Data Offer” applicable on all the variants of 5G devices? No, it is applicable only on the Indian variants of Eligible 5G Devices.",
"Within how many days should I redeem the vouchers? The Additional Data Vouchers should be redeemed within 12 months from the date of credit of the vouchers failing which they shall expire and be forfeited.",
"What is JioExclusive Program? JioExclusive Program entitles all Customers to buy select Smartphones with Price support on device MOP (market operating price) & access to Exclusive Benefits, if they are with Jio. Non-Jio Customers can avail these benefits by activating new Jio SIM or migrating their existing number to Jio under MNP.",
"What will be the behavior on Jio network of Smartphone bought under “JioExclusive” Program? Scenario Device Behavior SIM 1 – Jio SIM 2 – Other Operator The data will work on Jio SIM which will be primary SIM irrespective of slot. The other operator SIM, voice & SMS will work as long as there is an active Jio SIM with valid recharge plan in other slot. SIM 1 – Jio SIM 2 – Jio The data will work on both the Jio SIMs, basis selection.",
"Can I use two Jio SIMs in the Smartphone which comes under “JioExclusive” Program? You can use two Jio SIMs in the Smartphone, both the SIM slots are VoLTE enabled. Data will work on one SIM at a time, with the option to swap data on any one SIM.",
"What is the benefit of buying my new Smartphone under “JioExclusive” Program? When you decide to buy your Smartphone from the offline retail outlet or online channels under this Program, you will be offered Instant price support on the device price + % EMI basis eligibility check from the finance partners + host of attractive offers",
"What is the benefit of buying my new Smartphone under “JioExclusive” Program? Applicable model at present : All Participating Brand Models as identified visit www.jio.com for more details",
"Which recharges are applicable under the “JioExclusive” Program to keep Jio SIM Active? You need to recharge with Jio prepaid smartphone plan or subscribe to JioPostpaid Plus plan as per customers preference",
"What are the requirements to enroll under “JioExclusive” Program? You need to have an active Jio SIM with a valid recharge plan. In case you don’t have a Jio SIM, you can activate a new Jio SIM from the authorized retailer or migrate your number to Jio network under MNP policy You can visit your nearest Jio Store, Reliance Digital or Jio retailer to get a new Jio SIM. To locate your nearest Jio Store, click",
"Can I avail benefits under “JioExclusive” Program if my MNP is under progress? After successful ORN (Order reference number) generation, you will be eligible to avail the benefits.",
"What if my MNP process fails? Jio SIM is necessary to continue to avail benefits under “JioExclusive” Program , therefore MNP process may be reinitiated or new Jio SIM may be inserted in the smartphone.",
"What is the time period for which the smartphone will be under “JioExclusive Program”? Smartphone purchased under JioExclusive Program comes with a period of 30 months from the time of activation.",
"Can the customer opt out of “JioExclusive” Program? Yes. You can opt out of the “JioExclusive” Program before the expiry of Offer period of 30 months by paying applicable admin charges. There are no charges if you decide to opt out of the offer after 30 months. Please follow the below steps (to opt out at any point of time) Step 1: Open MyJio and Go to Settings→’Unlock Device’ option Step 2: Accept T&C and make applicable admin charges through available mode of payment options. After successful payment confirmation, you will be successfully migrated out of “JioExclusive” Program within 72 hours.",
"How many smartphones can I buy under “JioExclusive” Program? You can buy as many smartphones as you want. But you are eligible to buy ONLY one smartphone against one Jio SIM, under the “JioExclusive” Program.",
"Can I sell my smartphone registered under “JioExclusive” Program to any other customer? Yes, the customer will have to use an active Jio SIM in any one of the SIM slots.",
"What if my Jio number doesn’t have a valid plan on the device bought under “JioExclusive” Program? You will get recharge reminders from Jio to recharge your device on time. If your Jio SIM does not have a valid recharge, your device will only be able to make emergency calls and Wi-Fi pairing only to get the device unregistered from server. You will able to use full features of the smartphone when you perform a valid recharge on your Jio SIM.",
"Will my device under “JioExclusive” Program continue to work smoothly if I switch to another Jio number? Yes, you just need to have an active Jio SIM (prepaid or postpaid) with a valid recharge/ plan.",
"What if I want to use data on another operator network? For the period, the smartphone is under “JioExclusive” Program, you will be able to access data only on Jio 4G network.",
"Can I use data over Wi-Fi on device bought under “JioExclusive” Program? Yes, you can access data over Wi-Fi on devices bought under “JioExclusive” Program provided you have a Jio SIM with valid recharge plan in the device.",
"Will my smartphone purchased under “JioExclusive” work outside India, on voice, SMs, Wi-Fi and data? Yes, your smartphone will work at all locations outside India, provided you have activated International Roaming and have a valid recharge plan on your Jio Number. This will enable you to use voice and SMS services of any operator present at your location of travel. Further, if you have a valid Jio SIM in your smartphone, you can access data over any available Wi-Fi network.",
"How will the after-sales service be managed for the device bought under “JioExclusive” Program? After sales-service policy of respective device brand will be applicable for the smartphones purchased under “JioExclusive” Program",
"What if the Smartphone bought under “JioExclusive” Program is found “Defective after Purchase”? For handsets found “Defective After Purchase”, you need to visit the authorized brand service center as per current brand policy for certification. After certificate submission at the retailer (from where you purchased the device), the retailer will re-enroll you under “JioExclusive” Program.",
"What if the smartphone bought under “JioExclusive” Program undergoes IMEI change due to PCB replacement?\nCustomer will be enrolled on the new IMEI under “JioExclusive” and will continue to enjoy the benefits. Customer will be enrolled on the new IMEI under “JioExclusive” and will continue to enjoy the benefits.",
"What if the smartphone bought under “JioExclusive” Program undergoes IMEI change due to PCB replacement? No, currently the benefits can be availed only during handset purchase at the retail shop.",
"I am unable to make calls/ use data/unregister my phone under “JioExclusive” Program? Please contact our customer helpline number at 1800-889-9999 at or visit nearest Jio Store, Reliance Digital or Jio retailer.",
"How will I receive confirmation that the device been registered under “JioExclusive” Program? Once the registration is completed successfully, SMS notification is sent to your Jio number.",
"How can I Upgrade to Jio True 5G in the middle of the month, if I’ve missed recharging with ₹239 or higher plan? Jio True 5G Unlimited data offer is applicable on ₹239 and above plan. However, any customer who has opted for a lower value plan can upgrade anytime in the month by simply recharging with ₹61 Data add-on and enjoy Jio True 5G Welcome Offer.",
"What is the eligibility criteria for Jio True 5G Unlimited trial through ₹ 61 addon? Customer recharging with ₹149, ₹179, ₹199 & ₹209 plans will get Jio True 5G unlimited trial on recharge of ₹61.",
"I am a 4G Device user, do I get Jio True 5G Welcome offer on recharge of Rs 61? No, Jio True 5G welcome Offer is applicable only for 5G device user and cities where Jio 5G Services are live.",
"What is the validity of Jio True 5G Unlimited trial? Jio True 5G Unlimited Data Pack will be valid till the active plan validity.",
"What are the modes of recharge for ₹ 61/- to get Jio True 5G Unlimited trial? User can recharge with ₹61 Data Pack through any mode (Online/Offline/Third party)",
"I am a True 5G user and have recharged with ₹239, do I need to recharge again with ₹61? No, you already have Jio True 5G welcome offer.",
"When will the True 5G welcome Offer be available after Recharge with ₹ 61? Eligible customers will get Jio True 5G Welcome offer immediately on successful recharge of ₹ 61.",
"How do I check if Jio True 5G Welcome Offer is active on my number? You can check the status on MyJio or Jio.com. You will also get SMS notification for Jio True 5G Welcome offer attachment.",
"What is the “Jio OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite Offer”? “Jio OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite Offer” entitles a discount of Rs. 150/- in each Billing Cycle which can be availed maximum 15 times by Eligible Subscribers who activate new Postpaid connection and subscribe to Rs. 599 and above Postpaid Plan on or after 27th June 2024. The Offer shall be open for all Eligible Subscribers who purchases Eligible Device under Group-1 on or after 27th June 2024. The Discount shall be applied automatically at the end of the Billing Cycle. Eligible Devices Group - 1 OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite Series",
"From when is “Jio OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite Offer” valid? The offer is valid for Eligible Devices purchased and activated on the RJIO network for the first time, on or after 27th June 2024, activating new Postpaid connection and upon subscription to Rs. 599 and above Postpaid Plan on or after 27th June 2024.",
"How do I Claim the “Jio OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite Offer”? The Discount shall be automatically applied at the end of the Billing Cycle.",
"Will the “Jio OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite Offer” be available, if I purchase eligible device from ecommerce sites? Yes, “Jio OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite” is available for all Eligible Devices, purchased from stores as well as ecommerce sites in India during the offer period.",
"Is the “Jio OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite Offer” applicable on all the variants of OnePlus Open devices? No, it is applicable only to the Indian variants of Eligible Devices.",
"Can I avail of any other offer along with the “Jio OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite Offer”? No, two or more offers cannot be clubbed together.",
"Is the “Jio OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite Offer” applicable to existing RJIO subscribers as well? Offer is applicable for only new to Postpaid RJIO subscribers who have subscribed to an Rs. 599 and above Postpaid Plan.",
"What is the “Jio Vivo X Fold Offer”? “Jio Vivo X Fold Offer” entitles a discount of ₹150/- in each Billing Cycle which can be availed maximum 15 times by Eligible Subscribers who activate new Postpaid connection and subscribe to ₹599 and above Postpaid Plan on or after 6th June 2024. The Offer shall be open for all Eligible Subscribers who purchases Eligible Device under Group-1 on or after 6th June 2024. The Discount shall be applied automatically at the end of the Billing Cycle. Eligible Devices Group - 1 Vivo X Fold Series",
"From when is “Jio Vivo X Fold Offer” valid? The offer is valid for Eligible Devices purchased and activated on the RJIO network for the first time, on or after 6th June 2024, activating new Postpaid connection and upon subscription to ₹599 and above Postpaid Plan on or after 6th June 2024.",
"How do I Claim the “Jio Vivo X Fold Offer”? The Discount shall be automatically applied at the end of the Billing Cycle.",
"Will the “Jio Vivo X Fold Offer” be available, if I purchase eligible device from ecommerce sites? Yes, “Jio Vivo X Fold” is available for all Eligible Devices, purchased from stores as well as ecommerce sites in India during the offer period.",
"Is the “Jio Vivo X Fold Offer” applicable to existing RJIO subscribers as well? Offer is applicable for only new to Postpaid RJIO subscribers who have subscribed to an ₹599 and above Postpaid Plan.",
"Can I avail any other offer along with the “Jio Vivo X Fold Offer”? No, two or more offers cannot be clubbed together.",
"Is the “Jio Vivo X Fold Offer” applicable on all the variants of Vivo Fold devices? No, it is applicable only on the Indian variants of Eligible Devices.",
"What is the Jio Motorola edge50 Fusion Offer 2024? “Jio Motorola edge50 Fusion Offer 2024” entitles a cashback of Rs. 2000 for eligible devices on Jio network for the first time by performing a recharge of Rs.399 Jio prepaid plan on or after 16th May 2024. For eligible devices, upon 1st successful recharge of Rs. 399, 40 discount coupons of Rs. 50 each will be credited in MyJio app which can be applied one at a time per recharge, against subsequent recharges of Jio plan of Rs. 399, via MyJio App only. The customers would also get coupons from Swiggy, Ajio, Easemytrip, Abhibus in MyJio app.",
"From when is Jio Motorola edge50 Fusion Offer 2024 valid? The offer is valid for eligible devices, purchased on or after 16th May 2024 and activated on the Jio network for the first time, on or after 16th May 2024. The first recharge of Rs. 399 Jio Prepaid Plan should be done on or after 16th May 2024 by the eligible subscriber to avail the offer.",
"From when can I claim the Jio Motorola edge50 Fusion Offer 2024? The first recharge of Rs. 399 Jio prepaid plan should be done on or after 16th May 2024 by the eligible subscriber to avail the offer.",
"How do I Claim the Jio Motorola edge50 Fusion Offer 2024? The 40 discount coupons of Rs.50 each, that are received in your MyJio App, by performing a successful Jio recharge of Rs. 399, on or after 16th May 2024 , can be applied one at a time, against subsequent Jio recharges of Rs. 399, via MyJio app only. The discount coupons, if unused, will expire by 31st May 2030.",
"Can the discount coupon, under the Jio Motorola edge50 Fusion Offer 2024 be transferred to any other Jio number? No, the discount coupons are non-transferable.",
"Will the Jio Motorola edge50 Fusion Offer 2024 be available, if I purchase eligible device from ecommerce sites? Yes, “Jio Motorola edge50 Fusion Offer 2024” is available for all eligible devices, purchased from stores as well as ecommerce sites in India during the offer period.",
"Is the “Jio Motorola edge50 Fusion Offer 2024” applicable to existing Jio subscribers as well? Yes, the offer is applicable for both existing as well as new Jio subscribers.",
"Can I avail any other offer along with the Jio Motorola edge50 Fusion Offer 2024? No, two or more offers cannot be clubbed together.",
"How will I get to know if the discount coupons, under the “Jio Motorola edge50 Fusion Offer 2024” has been credited to my account? And where can I view the vouchers? You will be notified through appropriate channel when the discount coupons have been credited to your account. You can view the discount coupons under the “My Vouchers” section in MyJio app.",
"What is validity of Jio discount coupons? The discount coupons are valid till 31st May 2030.",
"Is the “Jio Motorola edge50 FusionOffer 2024” applicable on all the variants of 5G devices? It is applicable only on the Indian variants of eligible devices.",
"What is the Jio Realme P-Series Offer 2024? “Jio Realme P-Series Offer 2024” entitles a cashback of ₹2000 for eligible devices on Jio network for the first time by performing a recharge of ₹399 Jio prepaid plan on or after 22nd April 2024. For eligible devices, upon 1st successful recharge of ₹399, 40 discount coupons of ₹50 each will be credited in MyJio app which can be applied one at a time per recharge, against subsequent recharges of Jio plan of ₹399, via MyJio App only. The customers would also get coupons from Swiggy, Ajio, Easemytrip, Abhibus in MyJio app.",
"From when is Jio Realme P-Series Offer 2024 valid? The offer is valid for eligible devices, purchased on or after 22nd April 2024 and activated on the Jio network for the first time, on or after 22nd April 2024. The first recharge of ₹399 Jio Prepaid Plan should be done on or after 22nd April 2024 by the eligible subscriber to avail the offer.",
"From when can I claim the Jio Realme P-Series Offer 2024? The first recharge of ₹399 Jio prepaid plan should be done on or after 22nd April 2024 by the eligible subscriber to avail the offer.",
"How do I Claim the Jio Realme P-Series Offer 2024? The 40 discount coupons of ₹50 each, that are received in your MyJio App, by performing a successful Jio recharge of ₹399, on or after 22nd April 2024, can be applied one at a time, against subsequent Jio recharges of ₹399, via MyJio app only. The discount coupons, if unused, will expire by 31st May 2030.",
"Can the discount coupon, under the Jio Realme P-Series Offer 2024 be transferred to any other Jio number? No, the discount coupons are non-transferable.",
"Will the Jio Realme P-Series Offer 2024 be available, if I purchase eligible device from ecommerce sites? Yes, “Jio Realme P-Series Offer 2024” is available for all eligible devices, purchased from stores as well as ecommerce sites in India during the offer period.",
"Is the “Jio Realme P-Series Offer 2024” applicable to existing Jio subscribers as well? Yes, the offer is applicable for both existing as well as new Jio subscribers.",
"Can I avail any other offer along with the Jio Realme P-Series Offer 2024? No, two or more offers cannot be clubbed together.",
"How will I get to know if the discount coupons, under the “Jio Realme P-Series Offer 2024” has been credited to my account? And where can I view the vouchers? No, two or more offers cannot be clubbed together.",
"What is validity of Jio discount coupons? The discount coupons are valid till 31st May 2030.",
"Is the “Jio Realme P-Series Offer 2024” applicable on all the variants of 5G devices? It is applicable only on the Indian variants of eligible devices.",
"What is the “Jio OnePlus Nord CE 4 Offer”? “Jio OnePlus Nord CE 4 Offer” entitles a discount of ₹150/- in each Billing Cycle which can be availed maximum 15 times by Eligible Subscribers who activate new Postpaid connection and subscribe to ₹599 and above Postpaid Plan on or after 4th April 2024. The Offer shall be open for all Eligible Subscribers who purchases Eligible Device under Group-1 on or after 4th April 2024. The Discount shall be applied automatically at the end of the Billing Cycle. Eligible Devices Group - 1 OnePlus Nord CE 4 Series",
"From when is “Jio OnePlus Nord CE 4 Offer” valid? The offer is valid for Eligible Devices purchased and activated on the RJIO network for the first time, on or after 4th April 2024, activating new Postpaid connection and upon subscription to ₹599 and above Postpaid Plan on or after 4th April 2024.",
"From when is “Jio OnePlus Nord CE 4 Offer” valid? The Discount shall be automatically applied at the end of the Billing Cycle.",
"Will the “Jio OnePlus Nord CE 4 Offer” be available, if I purchase eligible device from ecommerce sites? Yes, “Jio OnePlus Nord CE 4” is available for all Eligible Devices, purchased from stores as well as ecommerce sites in India during the offer period.",
"Is the “Jio OnePlus Nord CE 4 Offer” applicable to existing RJIO subscribers as well? Offer is applicable for only new to Postpaid RJIO subscribers who have subscribed to an ₹599 and above Postpaid Plan.",
"Can I avail any other offer along with the “Jio OnePlus Nord CE 4 Offer”? No, two or more offers cannot be clubbed together.",
"Is the “Jio OnePlus Nord CE 4 Offer” applicable on all the variants of OnePlus Open devices? No, it is applicable only on the Indian variants of Eligible Devices.",
"Can I avail any other offer along with the “Jio Motorola Edge 50 Pro Offer”? No, two or more offers cannot be clubbed together.",
"What is validity of Additional Data Pack? Additional Data pack have 30 days validity and maximum 36 times for Eligible customers, Un-used data will be forfeited after validity expiry.",
"Is the “Jio Motorola Edge 50 Pro Offer” applicable on all the variants of Motorola devices? No, it is applicable only on the Indian variants of Eligible Devices.",
"From when is “Jio Motorola Edge 50 Pro Offer” valid? The offer is valid for Eligible Devices activated on the RJIO network for the first time, on or after 4th April 2024 upon subscribing to Rs.699 Postpaid Plan provided by RJIO",
"How do I Claim the “Jio Motorola Edge 50 Pro Offer”? Additional 10 GB data will be provided under the Offer, can be applied by the Eligible Subscriber. Eligible Subscribers would also get also get coupons from Ajio, Ease My Trip and Growfitter in MyJio app under “My Coupons” section.",
"Will the “Jio Motorola Edge 50 Pro Offer” be available, if I purchase eligible device from ecommerce sites? Additional 10 GB data will be provided under the Offer, can be applied by the Eligible Subscriber. Eligible Subscribers would also get also get coupons from Ajio, Ease My Trip and Growfitter in MyJio app under “My Coupons” section.",
"What is the “Jio Motorola Edge 50 Pro Offer”? “Jio Motorola Edge 50 Pro Offer” entitles Additional Data of 10 GB with 30 days validity for maximum 36 times and Rs. 99 Discount for maximum 36 times to Eligible Active Subscribers who have Rs.699 Jio Postpaid Plan in Eligible Device. The Offer shall be open to all Eligible Subscribers on or after 4th April 2024 for Eligible Device Group-1. For Eligible Devices, One pack of 10 GB will be provided under the Offer, which can be applied by the Eligible Subscriber, through MyJio App during the Billing Cycle. Eligible Subscribers would also get also get coupons from Ajio, Ease My Trip and Growfitter in MyJio app. /div> Eligible Devices Group - 1 Motorola Edge 50 Pro",
"Is the “Jio Motorola Edge 50 Pro Offer” applicable to existing Jio subscribers as well? Yes, the offer is applicable for existing as well as new RJIO Postpaid subscribers of ₹699 postpaid plan.",
"What is the Jio Narzo 70 Pro Series Offer 2024? “Jio Narzo 70 Pro Series Offer 2024” entitles a cashback of Rs. 2000 for eligible devices on Jio network for the first time by performing a recharge of Rs.399 Jio prepaid plan on or after 27th March 2024. For eligible devices, upon 1st successful recharge of Rs. 399, 40 discount coupons of Rs. 50 each will be credited in MyJio app which can be applied one at a time per recharge, against subsequent recharges of Jio plan of Rs. 399, via MyJio App only. The customers would also get coupons from Swiggy, Ajio, Easemytrip, Abhibus in MyJio app.",
"From when is Jio Narzo 70 Pro Series Offer 2024 valid? The offer is valid for eligible devices, purchased on or after 27th March 2024 and activated on the Jio network for the first time, on or after 27th March 2024. The first recharge of Rs. 399 Jio Prepaid Plan should be done on or after 27th March 2024 by the eligible subscriber to avail the offer.",
"From when can I claim the Jio Narzo 70 Pro Series Offer 2024? The first recharge of Rs. 399 Jio prepaid plan should be done on or after 27th March 2024 by the eligible subscriber to avail the offer.",
"How do I Claim the Jio Narzo 70 Pro Series Offer 2024? The 40 discount coupons of Rs.50 each, that are received in your MyJio App, by performing a successful Jio recharge of Rs. 399, on or after 27th March 2024, can be applied one at a time, against subsequent Jio recharges of Rs. 399, via MyJio app only. The discount coupons, if unused, will expire by 31st May 2030.",
"Can the discount coupon, under the Jio Narzo 70 Pro Series Offer 2024 be transferred to any other Jio number? No, the discount coupons are non-transferable.",
"Will the Jio Narzo 70 Pro Series Offer 2024 be available, if I purchase eligible device from ecommerce sites? Yes, “Jio Narzo 70 Pro Series Offer 2023” is available for all eligible devices, purchased from stores as well as ecommerce sites in India during the offer period.",
"Is the “Jio Narzo 70 Pro Series Offer 2024” applicable to existing Jio subscribers as well? Yes, the offer is applicable for both existing as well as new Jio subscribers.",
"How will I get to know if the discount coupons, under the “Jio Narzo 70 Pro Series Offer 2024” has been credited to my account? And where can I view the vouchers? You will be notified through appropriate channel when the discount coupons have been credited to your account. You can view the discount coupons under the “My Vouchers” section in MyJio app.",
"Is the “Jio Narzo 70 Pro Series Offer 2024” applicable on all the variants of 5G devices? It is applicable only on the Indian variants of eligible devices.",
"What is the “Jio OPPO F25 Offer”? The Jio OPPO F25 Offer entitles a discount of ₹150/- in each billing cycle which can be availed a maximum of 15 times by eligible subscribers who activate a new postpaid connection and subscribe to a postpaid plan of ₹599 and above on or after the 7th of March 2024. The offer shall be open for all eligible subscribers who purchase eligible devices under Group - 1 on or after the 7th of March 2024. The discount shall be applied automatically at the end of the billing cycle. Eligible Devices Group -1 OPPO F25 Series",
"What is the validity of the Jio OPPO F25 Offer? The Jio OPPO F25 Offer is valid for eligible devices purchased and activated on the Reliance Jio (RJIO) network for the first time, on or after the 7th of March 2024, upon activating a new postpaid connection and upon subscription to a postpaid plan of ₹599 and above.",
"How do I claim the Jio OPPO F25 Offer? The discount of the Jio OPPO F25 Offer shall be automatically applied at the end of the billing cycle.",
"Will the Jio OPPO F25 Offer be available, if I purchase an eligible device from an e-commerce site? Yes, the Jio OPPO F25 Offer is available for all eligible devices, purchased from stores as well as e-commerce sites in India during the offer period.",
"Is the Jio OPPO F25 Offer applicable to existing RJIO subscribers as well? The Jio OPPO F25 Offer is applicable only to new Reliance Jio (RJIO) postpaid users who have subscribed to a postpaid plan of ₹599 and above.",
"Can I avail of any other offer along with the Jio OPPO F25 Offer? No, you can’t club two or more offers together.",
"Is the Jio OPPO F25 Offer applicable to all the variants of OPPO F25 devices? No, the Jio OPPO F25 Offer is applicable only to the Indian variants of eligible devices.",
"What is the Jio Vivo V30 Offer? The Jio Vivo V30 Offer entitles a discount of ₹150/- in each billing cycle which can be availed a maximum of 15 times by eligible subscribers who activate a new postpaid connection and subscribe to a postpaid plan of ₹599 and above on or after the 5th of March 2024. The offer shall be open for all eligible subscribers who purchase eligible devices under Group - 1 on or after the 5th of March 2024. The discount shall be applied automatically at the end of the billing cycle. Eligible Devices Group - 1 Vivo V30 Series",
"What is the validity of the Jio Vivo V30 Offer? The Jio Vivo V30 Offer is valid for eligible devices purchased and activated on the Reliance Jio (RJIO) network for the first time, on or after the 5th of March 2024, upon activating a new postpaid connection and upon subscription to a postpaid plan of ₹599 and above.",
"How do I claim the Jio Vivo V30 Offer? The discount of the Jio Vivo V30 Offer shall be automatically applied at the end of the billing cycle.",
"Will the Jio Vivo V30 Offer be available, if I purchase an eligible device from an e-commerce site? Yes, the Jio Vivo V30 offer is available for all eligible devices, purchased from stores as well as e-commerce sites in India during the offer period.",
"Is the Jio Vivo V30 Offer applicable to existing RJIO subscribers as well? The Jio Vivo V30 Offer is applicable only to Reliance Jio (RJIO) postpaid users who have subscribed to a postpaid plan of ₹599 and above.",
"Can I avail of any other offer along with the Jio Vivo V30 Offer? No, you can’t club two or more offers together.",
"Is the Jio Vivo V30 Offer applicable on all the variants of Vivo V30 devices? No, the Jio Vivo V30 Offer is applicable only to the Indian variants of eligible devices.",
"What is the Jio Motorola g04 Offer 2024? a) The offer entitles a cashback of ₹2000 for eligible devices on the Jio network for the first time by performing a recharge of ₹399 Jio prepaid plan on or after 30th January 2024. For eligible devices, upon 1st successful recharge of ₹399, 40 discount coupons of ₹50 each will be credited to the MyJio app which can be applied one at a time per recharge, against subsequent recharges of the Jio plan of ₹399, only via the MyJio app. b) You will also get coupons from Ajio, Netmeds, and Yatra in the MyJio app.",
"What is the validity of the Jio Motorola g04 Offer 2024? The Jio Motorola g04 Offer 2024 is valid for eligible devices, purchased on or after 15th February 2024and activated on the Jio network for the first time, on or after 30th January 2024. You have to do the first recharge of ₹399 Jio prepaid plan on or after 15th February 2024to avail of the offer.",
"Is the Jio Motorola g04 Offer 2024 applicable to all the variants of 5G devices? The Jio Motorola g04 Offer 2024 is applicable to select variants/eligible devices (Motorola g04). Please note that the offer is only applicable to the Indian variants of eligible devices.",
"What is the validity of the Jio discount coupons for Jio Motorola g04 Offer 2024? The discount coupons of the Jio Motorola g04 Offer 2024 are valid till 31st May 2030. Please note that all Partner Offers are valid till 31st March 2024.",
"How will I get to know if the discount coupons, under the Jio Motorola g04 Offer 2024, have been credited to my account? Where can I view the vouchers? You will be notified through an appropriate channel once the discount coupons are credited to your account. You can view the discount coupons under the ‘My Vouchers’ section of the MyJio app.",
"Can I avail of any other offer along with the Jio Motorola g04 Offer 2024? No, you can’t club two or more offers.",
"Is the Jio Motorola g04 Offer 2024 applicable to existing Jio subscribers as well? Yes, the offer is applicable to both existing as well as new Jio subscribers.",
"Will the Jio Motorola g04 Offer 2024 be available, if I purchase eligible devices from e-commerce sites? Yes, the Jio Motorola g04 Offer 2024 is available to all eligible devices, purchased from stores as well as e-commerce sites in India during the offer period.",
"Can the discount coupon, under the Jio Motorola g04 Offer 2024 be transferred to any other Jio number? No, the discount coupons under the Jio Motorola g04 Offer 2024 are non-transferable.",
"How can I claim the Jio Motorola g04 Offer 2024? Once you perform a successful Jio recharge of ₹399, on or after 30th Jan 2024, 40 discount coupons of ₹50 each will be credited to your MyJio app. You can apply the coupons one at a time, against subsequent Jio recharges of ₹399, via the MyJio app only. The discount coupons, if unused, will expire by 31st May 2030.",
"When can I claim the Jio Motorola g04 Offer 2024? You have to do the first recharge of ₹399 Jio prepaid plan on or after 15th February 2024 to avail of the Jio Motorola g04 Offer 2024.",
"What is the Jio OnePlus 12 Offer? The Jio OnePlus 12 Offer entitles a discount of ₹150 in each billing cycle which can be availed a maximum of 15 times by eligible subscribers who activate new Postpaid connection and subscribe to Rs. 599 and above Postpaid plan on or after 10th February 2024. The offer shall be open to all eligible subscribers who purchase an eligible device under Group - 1 on or after 10th February 2024. The discount shall be applied automatically at the end of the billing cycle. Eligible Devices Group - 1 OnePlus 12 Series",
"What is the validity of the Jio OnePlus 12 Offer? The offer is valid for eligible devices purchased and activated on the Reliance Jio (RJIO) network for the first time, on or after 10th February 2024, activating new Postpaid connection and upon subscription to Rs. 599 and above Postpaid plan on or after 31st January 2024.",
"How can I claim the Jio OnePlus 12 Offer? The discount shall be automatically applied at the end of the billing cycle.",
"Will the Jio OnePlus 12 Offer be available, if I purchase an eligible device from e-commerce sites? Yes, the Jio OnePlus 12 Offer is available to all eligible devices, purchased from stores as well as e-commerce sites in India during the offer period.",
"Is the Jio OnePlus 12 Offer applicable to existing Reliance Jio subscribers as well? Jio OnePlus 12 Offer is applicable only to new to Pospaid users who have subscribed to Rs. 599 and above Postpaid plan..",
"Can I avail of any other offer along with the Jio OnePlus 12 Offer? No, you can’t club two or more offers.",
"Is the Jio OnePlus 12 Offer applicable on all the variants of OnePlus Open devices? No, the Jio OnePlus 12 Offer is applicable only to the Indian variants of eligible devices.",
"What is the Jio Motorola Fogo 4G Offer 2024? The Jio Motorola Fogo 4G Offer 2024 comes with the following benefits: a) The offer entitles a cashback of ₹2000 for eligible devices on the Jio network for the first time by performing a recharge of ₹399 Jio prepaid plan on or after 30th January 2024. For eligible devices, upon 1st successful recharge of ₹399, 40 discount coupons of ₹50 each will be credited to the MyJio app which can be applied one at a time per recharge, against subsequent recharges of the Jio plan of ₹399, only via the MyJio app. b) You will also get coupons from Ajio, Netmeds, and Yatra in the MyJio app.",
"What is the validity of the Jio Motorola Fogo 4G Offer 2024? The Jio Motorola Fogo 4G Offer 2024 is valid for eligible devices, purchased on or after 30th January 2024 and activated on the Jio network for the first time, on or after 30th January 2024. You have to do the first recharge of ₹399 Jio prepaid plan on or after 30th January 2024 to avail of the offer.",
"When can I claim the Jio Motorola Fogo 4G Offer 2024? You have to do the first recharge of ₹399 Jio prepaid plan on or after 30th January 2024 to avail of the Jio Motorola Fogo 4G Offer 2024.",
"How do I Claim the Jio Motorola Fogo 4G Offer 2024? Once you perform a successful Jio recharge of ₹399, on or after 30th Jan 2024, 40 discount coupons of ₹50 each will be credited to your MyJio app. You can apply the coupons one at a time, against subsequent Jio recharges of ₹399, via the MyJio app only. The discount coupons, if unused, will expire by 31st May 2030.",
"Can the discount coupon, under the Jio Motorola Fogo 4G Offer 2024 be transferred to any other Jio number? No, the discount coupons under the Jio Motorola Fogo 4G Offer 2024 are non-transferable.No, the discount coupons under the Jio Motorola Fogo 4G Offer 2024 are non-transferable.",
"Will the Jio Motorola Fogo 4G Offer 2024 be available, if I purchase eligible device from ecommerce sites? Yes, the Jio Motorola Fogo 4G Offer 2024 is available to all eligible devices, purchased from stores as well as e-commerce sites in India during the offer period.",
"Is the “Jio Motorola Fogo 4G Offer 2024” applicable to existing Jio subscribers as well? Yes, the offer is applicable to both existing as well as new Jio subscribers.",
"Can I avail any other offer along with the Jio Motorola Fogo 4G Offer 2024? Yes, the offer is applicable to both existing as well as new Jio subscribers.",
"How will I get to know if the discount coupons, under the “Jio Motorola Fogo 4G Offer 2024” has been credited to my account? And where can I view the vouchers? You will be notified through an appropriate channel once the discount coupons are credited to your account. You can view the discount coupons under the ‘My Vouchers’ section of the MyJio app.",
"What is validity of Jio discount coupons for Jio Motorola Fogo 4G Offer 2024 ? The discount coupons of the Jio Motorola Fogo 4G Offer 2024 are valid till 31st May 2030. Please note that all Partner Offers are valid till 31st March 2024.",
"Is the “Jio MOTOROLA FOGO 4G Offer 2024” applicable on all the variants of 5G devices? The Jio Motorola Fogo 4G Offer 2024 is applicable to select variants/eligible devices (Motorola Fogo 4G). Please note that the offer is only applicable to the Indian variants of eligible devices.",
"What is the Jio Realme 12 Series Offer 2024? The Jio Realme 12 Series Offer 2024 entitles a cashback of ₹2000 for eligible devices on the Jio network for the first time by performing a recharge of ₹399 Jio prepaid plan on or after 31st Jan 2024. For eligible devices, upon 1st successful recharge of ₹399, 40 discount coupons of ₹50 each will be credited to your MyJio app, which can be applied one at a time per recharge, against subsequent recharges of the Jio plan of ₹399, only via the MyJio app. You will also get coupons from Swiggy, Ajio, Yatra, Abhibus, and Netmeds in your MyJio app.",
"From when is the Jio Realme 12 Series Offer 2024 valid? The Jio Realme 12 Series Offer 2024 is valid for eligible devices, purchased on or after 31st Jan 2024 and activated on the Jio network for the first time, on or after 31st Jan 2024. You have to do the first recharge of ₹399 Jio prepaid plan on or after 31st Jan 2024 to avail of the offer.",
"From when can I claim the Jio Realme 12 Series Offer 2024? You have to do the first recharge of ₹399 Jio prepaid plan on or after 31st Jan 2024 to avail of the Jio Realme 12 Series Offer 2024.",
"How can I claim the Jio Realme 12 Series Offer 2024? Once you perform a successful Jio recharge of ₹399, on or after 31st Jan 2024, 40 discount coupons of ₹50 each will be credited to your MyJio app. You can apply the coupons one at a time, against subsequent Jio recharges of ₹399, via the MyJio app only. The discount coupons, if unused, will expire by 31st May 2030.",
"Can the discount coupon, under the Jio Realme 12 Series Offer 2024, be transferred to any other Jio number? No, the discount coupons under the Jio Realme 12 Series Offer 2024 are non-transferable.",
"Will the Jio Realme 12 Series Offer 2024 be available, if I purchase eligible devices from e-commerce sites? Yes, the Jio Realme 12 Series Offer 2024 is available for all eligible devices, purchased from stores as well as e-commerce sites in India during the offer period.",
"Is the Jio Realme 12 Series Offer 2024 applicable to existing Jio subscribers as well? Yes, the offer is applicable to both existing as well as new Jio subscribers.",
"Can I avail of any other offer along with the Jio Realme 12 Series Offer 2024? No, you cannot club two or more offers.",
"How will I get to know if the discount coupons, under the Jio Realme 12 Series Offer 2024, have been credited to my account? Where can I view the vouchers? You will be notified through an appropriate channel when the discount coupons have been credited to your account. You can view the discount coupons under the ‘My Vouchers’ section of the MyJio app.",
"What is the validity of the Jio discount coupons for Jio Realme 12 Series Offer 2024 ? The discount coupons of the Jio Realme 12 Series Offer 2024 are valid till 31st May 2030.",
"The Jio Realme 12 Series Offer 2024 is applicable on select variants/eligible devices (Edge 40 Neo). Please note that the offer is only applicable to the Indian variants of eligible devices. The Jio Realme 12 Series Offer 2024 is applicable on select variants/eligible devices (Edge 40 Neo). Please note that the offer is only applicable to the Indian variants of eligible devices.",
"What is the 'Jio Vivo X100 Offer'? The ‘Jio Vivo X100 Offer’ comes with an additional data of 10 GB with 30 days of validity for a maximum of 36 times and a ₹99 discount for a maximum of 36 times to eligible active subscribers who have the ₹699 Jio Postpaid Plan on an eligible device. The offer shall be open to all eligible subscribers on or after 12th Jan 2024 for Eligible Device Group-1. For eligible devices, one pack of 10 GB will be provided under the offer, which can be applied by an eligible subscriber, via the MyJio app, during the billing cycle. If you are an eligible subscriber, you will also get coupons from Ajio, Yatra, and Growfitter in the MyJio app. Eligible Devices Group - 1 Vivo X100",
"What is the validity of the ‘Jio Vivo X100 Offer’? The ‘Jio Vivo X100 Offer’ is valid for eligible devices activated on the RJIO (Reliance Jio) network for the first time, on or after 12th Jan 2024 upon subscribing to ₹699 Postpaid Plan provided by RJIO.",
"How do I claim the ‘Jio Vivo X100 Offer’? As an eligible subscriber, you can avail of an additional 10 GB of data under the ‘Jio Vivo X100 Offer’. You will also get coupons from Ajio, Yatra and Growfitter in the MyJio app under the ‘My Coupons’ section.",
"Will the ‘Jio Vivo X100 Offer’ be available, if I purchase an eligible device from e-commerce sites? Yes, you can avail of the ‘Jio Vivo X100 Offer’ for all eligible devices purchased from stores as well as e-commerce sites in India during the offer period..",
"Is the ‘Jio Vivo X100 Offer’ applicable to existing Jio subscribers as well? Yes, the offer is applicable to existing as well as new RJIO postpaid subscribers with the ₹699 postpaid plan.",
"Can I avail of any other offer along with the ‘Jio Vivo X100 Offer’? No, you can’t avail of two or more offers at the same time.",
"What is the validity of the additional data pack? As per the ‘Jio Vivo X100 Offer’, additional data packs have a validity of 30 days and a maximum of 36 times for eligible customers. Any unused data will be forfeited once the validity expires.",
"Is the ‘Jio Vivo X100 Offer’ applicable to all the variants of Vivo X100 devices? No, the ‘Jio Vivo X100 Offer’ is applicable only to the Indian variants of eligible devices.",
"What is the Jio Realme C-Series Offer 2024? The ‘Jio Realme C-Series Offer 2024’ comes with a cashback of ₹2000 for eligible devices on the Jio network for the first time by performing a recharge of ₹399 Jio prepaid plan on or after 19th December 2023. Once you make the first successful recharge of ₹399 on an eligible device, 40 discount coupons of ₹50 each will be credited to your MyJio app which can be applied one at a time per recharge, against subsequent recharges of the Jio plan of ₹399, via the MyJio app only. You will also get coupons from AJIO, Yatra, and Netmeds in the MyJio app.",
"From when is the Jio Realme C-Series Offer 2024 valid? The offer is valid for eligible devices, purchased on or after 19th December 2023 and activated on the Jio network for the first time, on or after 19th December 2023. You need to do the first recharge of ₹399 Jio prepaid plan on or after 19th December 2023 to avail the offer.",
"When can I claim the Jio Realme C-Series Offer 2024? You need to do the first recharge of ₹399 Jio prepaid plan on or after 19th December 2023 to avail of the Jio Realme C-Series Offer 2024.",
"How do I Claim the Jio Realme C-Series Offer 2024? The 40 discount coupons of ₹50 each received in your MyJio app, by performing a successful Jio recharge of ₹399, on or after 19th December 2023, can be applied one at a time, against subsequent Jio recharges of ₹399, via the MyJio app only. The discount coupons, if unused, will expire by 31st May 2030.",
"Can a discount coupon, under the Jio Realme C-Series Offer 2024, be transferred to any other Jio number? No, the discount coupons are non-transferable.",
"Will the Jio Realme C-Series Offer 2024 be available if I purchase eligible devices from e-commerce sites? Yes, the ‘Jio Realme C-Series Offer 2024’ is available for all eligible devices, purchased from stores as well as e-commerce sites in India during the offer period.",
"Is the ‘Jio Realme C-Series Offer 2024’ applicable to existing Jio subscribers? Yes, the offer is applicable to both existing as well as new Jio subscribers. You can view the discount coupons under the ‘My Vouchers’ section in the MyJio app.",
"Can I avail another offer along with the Jio Realme C-Series Offer 2024? No, two or more offers cannot be clubbed together.",
"How will I get to know if the discount coupons, under the ‘Jio Realme C-Series Offer 2024’ have been credited to my account? Where can I view the vouchers? You will be notified through an appropriate channel when the discount coupons have been credited to your account. You can view the discount coupons under the ‘My Vouchers’ section in the MyJio app.",
"What is the validity of the Jio discount coupons that come with the Jio Realme C-Series Offer 2024? The discount coupons are valid till 31st May 2030.",
"Is the ‘Jio Realme C-Series Offer 2024’ applicable on all the variants of 5G devices? Yes, it is applicable on all the Indian variants of eligible devices.",
"What is the Jio Motorola Fogo 5G Offer 2023? a) “Jio Motorola Fogo 5G Offer 2023” entitles a cashback of ₹2000 for eligible devices on Jio network for the first time by performing a recharge of ₹399 Jio prepaid plan on or after 12th January 2024. For eligible devices, upon 1st successful recharge of ₹399, 40 discount coupons of ₹50 each will be credited in MyJio app which can be applied one at a time per recharge, against subsequent recharges of Jio plan of ₹399, via MyJio App only. b) The customers would also get also get coupons from Ajio, Netmeds and Yatra in MyJio app.",
"Is the “Jio MOTOROLA FOGO 5G Offer 2023” applicable on all the variants of 5G devices? Yes, on select variants i.e., eligible devices (Motorola Fogo 5G), it is applicable only on the Indian variants of eligible devices.",
"What is validity of Jio discount coupons Jio Motorola Fogo 5G Offer 2023? The discount coupons are valid till 31st May 2030.",
"How will I get to know if the discount coupons, under the “Jio Motorola Fogo 5G Offer 2023” has been credited to my account? And where can I view the vouchers? You will be notified through appropriate channel when the discount coupons have been credited to your account. You can view the discount coupons under the “My Vouchers” section in MyJio app.",
"Can I avail any other offer along with the Jio Motorola Fogo 5G Offer 2023? No, two or more offers cannot be clubbed together.",
"Is the “Jio Motorola Fogo 5G Offer 2023” applicable to existing Jio subscribers as well? Yes, the offer is applicable for both existing as well as new Jio subscribers.",
"Will the Jio Motorola Fogo 5G Offer 2023 be available, if I purchase eligible device from ecommerce sites? Yes, “Jio MOTOROLA FOGO 5G Offer 2023” is available for all eligible devices, purchased from stores as well as e-commerce sites in India during the offer period.",
"Can the discount coupon, under the Jio Motorola Fogo 5G Offer 2023 be transferred to any other Jio number? No, the discount coupons are non-transferable.",
"How do I Claim the Jio Motorola Fogo 5G Offer 2023? The 40 discount coupons of ₹50 each, that are received in your MyJio App, by performing a successful Jio recharge of ₹399, on or after 18th December 2023, can be applied one at a time, against subsequent Jio recharges of ₹399, via MyJio app only. The discount coupons, if unused, will expire by 31st May 2030.",
"From when can I claim the Jio Motorola Fogo 5G Offer 2023? The first recharge of ₹399 Jio prepaid plan should be done on or after 18th December 2023 by the eligible subscriber to avail the offer.",
"From when is Jio Motorola Fogo 5G Offer 2023 valid? The offer is valid for eligible devices, purchased on or after 18th December 2023 and activated on the Jio network for the first time, on or after 18th December 2023. The first recharge of ₹399 Jio Prepaid Plan should be done on or after 18th December 2023 by the eligible subscriber to avail the offer.",
"What is the Jio Diwali Offer? The Jio Diwali Offer provides a complimentary 23-day Extra Validity Voucher to users recharging with the ₹2999 annual plan, starting from 1st November 2023 till 30th November 2023. 23 Days Extra Validity Voucher: Benefits details Eligible recharge Validity Benefits MRP 2999 23 Days Unlimited 4G Data -2.5 GB/day highspeed data and thereafter unlimited data at 64 Kbps; Unlimited 5G data, as per pack benefits Unlimited National Calls in home and roaming 100 National SMS/day in home and roaming Complimentary subscription to Jio apps",
"Who can avail of the Jio Diwali Offer benefits? You can recharge with the ₹2,999 plan to avail of the benefits of the Jio Diwali Offer. You can recharge from offline and online channels like Jio.com, the MyJio app, and third-party associates (TPA) during the offer period.",
"How do I redeem the Jio Celebration Offer coupons? Once you recharge, a ₹2999 validity voucher will be available under the ‘Voucher’ section of your account in the MyJio app. Follow the steps below to redeem the voucher: Follow the steps below to redeem your Voucher: STEP1: Open the MyJio app and select the ‘Voucher’ tab STEP2: Redeem 23 Days Extra Validity Voucher (Note: Voucher should be redeemed within 365 days from credit.)",
"Can I transfer the Jio Diwali Offer’s Extra Validity Voucher to my friend? No, the validity voucher received under this offer is non-transferable.",
"Can I perform multiple recharges of ₹2999 for the Jio Diwali Offer? Yes, you can get an offer benefit on every recharge of ₹2999.",
"Currently, I have done an advance recharge of ₹2999 plan during the offer period which is remaining in the queue. Will I get the voucher immediately? If so, will I be able to redeem it? All recharges of the Jio Diwali Offer worth ₹2999 within the offer period, including advance recharge, are eligible for Extra Validity Vouchers under this offer period. You can redeem these vouchers within 365 days from credit.",
"What is the “Jio OnePlus Open Offer”? ‘Jio OnePlus Open Offer’ entitles Additional Data of 10 GB with 30 days validity for maximum 36 times and ₹99 Discount for maximum 36 times to Eligible Active Subscribers who have ₹699 Jio Postpaid Plan in Eligible Device. The Offer shall be open to all Eligible Subscribers on or after 8th November 2023 for Eligible Device Group-1. For Eligible Devices, One pack of 10 GB will be provided under the Offer, which can be applied by the Eligible Subscriber, through MyJio App during the Billing Cycle. Eligible Subscribers would also get also get coupons from Ajio, Yatra and Growfitter in MyJio app. Eligible Devices Group -1 OnePlus Open",
"How do I Claim the ‘Jio OnePlus OpenOffer’? Additional 10 GB data will be provided under the offer, can be applied by the eligible subscriber. Eligible subscribers would also get also get coupons from Ajio, Yatra and Growfitter in MyJio app under ‘My Coupons’ section.",
"From when is ‘Jio OnePlus OpenOffer’ valid? The offer is valid for eligible devices activated on the RJIO network for the first time, on or after 8th November 2023 upon subscribing to ₹399 Postpaid Plan provided by RJIO",
"Will the ‘Jio OnePlus OpenOffer’ be available, if I purchase eligible device from ecommerce sites? Yes, ‘Jio OnePlus Open’ is available for all eligible devices, purchased from stores as well as ecommerce sites in India during the offer period.",
"Is the ‘Jio OnePlus OpenOffer’ applicable to existing Jio subscribers as well? Yes, the offer is applicable for existing as well as new RJIO Postpaid subscribers of ₹699 postpaid plan.",
"Can I avail any other offer along with the ‘Jio OnePlus OpenOffer’? No, two or more offers cannot be clubbed together.",
"What is the validity of Additional Data Pack? Additional data pack have 30 days validity and maximum 36 times for eligible customers, un-used data will be forfeited after validity expiry.",
"Is the ‘Jio OnePlus OpenOffer’ applicable on all the variants of OnePlus Open devices? No, it is applicable only on the Indian variants of eligible devices.",
"What is the Jio iPhone 15 Offer? If you are buying an iPhone 15 from Reliancedigital.in, JioMart or Reliance Retail store, you are eligible for a complimentary 6-month plan of ₹399/month (3 GB/day, unlimited voice calls, 100 SMS/day). This offer is applicable for new prepaid activations on plans worth ₹149 and above and will work only on iPhone 15 devices.",
"What is the start date of the Jio iPhone 15 Offer? The ‘Jio iPhone 15 Offer’ is a limited period offer starting 22 September 2023. You will be eligible for the offer on purchasing an iPhone 15 device and a new prepaid Jio SIM during the offer period. Please ensure that you insert the new prepaid Jio SIM in a new iPhone 15 within 7 days of purchasing the device.",
"How do I claim the Jio iPhone 15 Offer? The ‘Jio iPhone 15 Offer’ will be auto-credited within 72 hours on your mobile connection once you insert and activate your new prepaid Jio SIM in your new iPhone 15 device during the offer period.",
"Where can I purchase the iPhone 15 to avail of the Jio iPhone 15 Offer? You can purchase iPhone 15 online or offline from Reliancedigital.in, JioMart or Reliance Retail store along with a new Jio prepaid SIM to claim the ‘Jio iPhone 15 Offer’. Devices purchased from any other online/offline channel will not be eligible for this offer.",
"Can I transfer the Jio iPhone 15 Offer to any other Jio number? The ‘Jio iPhone 15 Offer’ is non-transferable. Once credited, it will only work on the Jio SIM on which the offer has been provided.",
"Is the Jio iPhone 15 Offer available to existing Jio subscribers as well? The offer is applicable only on new Jio SIM prepaid connections activated during the offer period along with a new iPhone 15 device purchased from Reliancedigital.in, JioMart or Reliance Retail store.",
"I am not a Jio user. I purchased an iPhone 15 from Reliancedigital.in, JioMart or Reliance Retail store. How do I avail of the Jio iPhone 15 Offer? You can avail of the offer after porting your existing number to the Jio network within the offer period to get the benefits of the ‘Jio iPhone 15 Offer’. Kindly ensure that you port to Jio within 7 days of purchase of the new iPhone 15 device.",
"How long will it take for the Jio iPhone 15 Offer to be credited to my account? You will be notified through SMS/email once the ‘Jio iPhone 15 Offer’ is credited to your mobile number. You can view the details on the MyJio app and Jio.com.",
"What is the Jio Motorola EDGE 40 NEO Offer 2023? “Jio Motorola EDGE 40 NEO Offer 2023” entitles a cashback of Rs. 2000 for eligible devices on Jio network for the first time by performing a recharge of Rs.399 Jio prepaid plan on or after 18th October 2023. For eligible devices, upon 1st successful recharge of Rs. 399, 40 discount coupons of Rs. 50 each will be credited in MyJio app which can be applied one at a time per recharge, against subsequent recharges of Jio plan of Rs. 399, via MyJio App only. The customers would also get also get coupons from Swiggy, Ajio, Yatra, Abhibus and Netmeds in MyJio app.",
"From when is Jio Motorola EDGE 40 NEO Offer 2023 valid? The offer is valid for eligible devices, purchased on or after 18th October 2023 and activated on the Jio network for the first time, on or after 18th October 2023. The first recharge of Rs. 399 Jio Prepaid Plan should be done on or after 18th October 2023 by the eligible subscriber to avail the offer.",
"From when can I claim the Jio Motorola EDGE 40 NEO Offer 2023? The first recharge of Rs. 399 Jio prepaid plan should be done on or after 18th October 2023 by the eligible subscriber to avail the offer.",
"How do I Claim the Jio Motorola EDGE 40 NEO Offer 2023? The 40 discount coupons of Rs.50 each, that are received in your MyJio App, by performing a successful Jio recharge of Rs. 399, on or after 18th October 2023, can be applied one at a time, against subsequent Jio recharges of Rs. 399, via MyJio app only. The discount coupons, if unused, will expire by 31st May 2030.",
"Can the discount coupon, under the Jio Motorola EDGE 40 NEO Offer 2023 be transferred to any other Jio number? No, the discount coupons are non-transferable.",
"Will the Jio Motorola EDGE 40 NEO Offer 2023 be available, if I purchase eligible device from ecommerce sites? Yes, “Jio MotorolaEDGE 40 NEO Offer 2023” is available for all eligible devices, purchased from stores as well as ecommerce sites in India during the offer period.",
"Is the “Jio Motorola EDGE 40 NEO Offer 2023” applicable to existing Jio subscribers as well? Yes, the offer is applicable for both existing as well as new Jio subscribers.",
"Can I avail any other offer along with the Jio Motorola EDGE 40 NEO Offer 2023? No, two or more offers cannot be clubbed together.",
"How will I get to know if the discount coupons, under the “Jio Motorola EDGE 40 NEO Offer 2023” has been credited to my account? And where can I view the vouchers? You will be notified through appropriate channel when the discount coupons have been credited to your account. You can view the discount coupons under the “My Vouchers” section in MyJio app.",
"What is validity of Jio discount coupons for Jio Motorola EDGE 40 NEO Offer 2023 ? The discount coupons are valid till 31st May 2030.",
"Is the “Jio Motorola EDGE 40 NEOOffer 2023” applicable on all the variants of 5G devices? Yes on select variants i.e eligible devices (Edge 40 Neo), it is applicable only on the Indian variants of eligible devices.",
"What are the benefits of purchasing pre-owned smartphones under the Upgrade Offer? The Upgrade Offer, powered by Jio, entitles all Jio customers to buy select pre-owned smartphones and avail themselves of savings worth up to ₹1,500 on recharges. Jio Monthly Recharge 2 GB/day for ₹299 ₹239 ₹60 x 25 recharges ₹1,500 savings Save ₹60 per recharge",
"How do I avail myself of the benefits under the Upgrade Offer? You can avail of the benefits under the Upgrade Offer by following the simple steps below: Insert your Jio SIM into the pre-owned smartphone and enable data services on Jio Download the MyJio app and log in with your Jio number Recharge with ₹239 or above ((except value recharges ₹395, ₹1559 & ₹2545 ) Additional data benefits of 0.5 GB/day will be transferred through the MyJio app Additional data vouchers will be visible under the Vouchers section Additional data vouchers will have to be redeemed by the user Additional data vouchers will be valid for the duration of the base prepaid plan",
"If I switch to another Jio number, will my pre-owned smartphone under the Upgrade Offer continue to work smoothly? Yes, all you need is an active Jio SIM with a valid recharge plan. Please note that you can avail of the Upgrade Offer benefits only once against one Jio SIM.",
"Will I be able to use another operator's SIM on a pre-owned smartphone bought under the Upgrade Offer?\nWhat should I do if I am unable to make calls or use data on my pre-owned smartphone under the Upgrade Offer?\nCan I use data over Wi-Fi on the pre-owned smartphone bought under the Upgrade Offer?\nWhat if I want to use data on another operator's network on my pre-owned smartphone under the Upgrade Offer?\nWhat if I don’t use a Jio SIM with a valid recharge plan on my pre-owned smartphone under the Upgrade Offer?\nWhat if my Jio SIM doesn’t have a valid recharge plan on the pre-owned smartphone under the Upgrade Offer?\nWhat should I keep in mind while using the pre-owned smartphone under the Upgrade Offer?\nWhat are the eligible recharges under the Upgrade Offer?\nCan I perform a factory reset on the pre-owned smartphone?\nHow can I unlock my pre-owned smartphone under the Upgrade Offer?\nCan I exit the Upgrade Offer by unlocking my pre-owned smartphone?\nHow many pre-owned smartphones can I buy under the Upgrade Offer?\nWho can avail of the benefits under the Upgrade Offer?\nCan I change my Jio number and continue to avail the benefits? Kindly refer to the chart below for operator details: Services Jio SIM Other Operator SIM Data Yes No Voice Yes Yes SMS Yes Yes Please note that 5 days after the enrollment under the Upgrade Offer, another operator’s SIM will work only if there is a Jio SIM with a valid recharge in any of the slots.",
"What is the Jio Motorola G54 Offer 2023? “Jio Motorola G54 Offer 2023” entitles a cashback of Rs. 2000 for eligible devices on Jio network for the first time by performing a recharge of Rs.399 Jio prepaid plan on or after 23rd September 2023. For eligible devices, upon 1st successful recharge of Rs. 399, 40 discount coupons of Rs. 50 each will be credited in MyJio app which can be applied one at a time per recharge, against subsequent recharges of Jio plan of Rs. 399, via MyJio App only. The customers would also get also get coupons from Swiggy, Ajio, Yatra and Netmeds in MyJio app.",
"From when is Jio Motorola G54 Offer 2023 valid? The offer is valid for eligible devices, purchased on or after 23rd September 2023 and activated on the Jio network for the first time, on or after 23rd September 2023. The first recharge of Rs. 399 Jio Prepaid Plan should be done on or after 23rd September 2023 by the eligible subscriber to avail the offer.",
"From when can I claim the Jio Motorola G54 Offer 2023? The first recharge of Rs. 399 Jio prepaid plan should be done on or after 23rd September 2023 by the eligible subscriber to avail the offer.",
"How do I Claim the Jio Motorola G54 Offer 2023? The 40 discount coupons of Rs.50 each, that are received in your MyJio App, by performing a successful Jio recharge of Rs. 399, on or after 23rd September 2023, can be applied one at a time, against subsequent Jio recharges of Rs. 399, via MyJio app only. The discount coupons, if unused, will expire by 31st May 2030.",
"Can the discount coupon, under the Jio Motorola G54 Offer 2023 be transferred to any other Jio number? No, the discount coupons are non-transferable.",
"Will the Jio Motorola G54 Offer 2023 be available, if I purchase eligible device from ecommerce sites? Yes, “Jio MotorolaG54 Offer 2023” is available for all eligible devices, purchased from stores as well as ecommerce sites in India during the offer period.",
"Can I avail any other offer along with the Jio Motorola G54 Offer 2023? No, two or more offers cannot be clubbed together.",
"How will I get to know if the discount coupons, under the “Jio Motorola G54 Offer 2023” has been credited to my account? And where can I view the vouchers? You will be notified through appropriate channel when the discount coupons have been credited to your account. You can view the discount coupons under the “My Vouchers” section in MyJio app.",
"What is validity of Jio discount coupons for Jio Motorola G54 Offer 2023 ? The first recharge of Rs. 399 Jio prepaid plan should be done on or after 6th September 2023 by the eligible subscriber to avail the offer.The discount coupons are valid till 31st May 2030.",
"Is the “Jio Motorola G54Offer 2023” applicable on all the variants of 5G devices? Yes on select variants i.e eligible devices (g54), it is applicable only on the Indian variants of eligible devices.",
"What is the Jio Motorola G84 Offer 2023? “Jio Motorola G84 Offer 2023” entitles a cashback of Rs. 2000 for eligible devices on Jio network for the first time by performing a recharge of Rs.399 Jio prepaid plan on or after 23rd September 2023. For eligible devices, upon 1st successful recharge of Rs. 399, 40 discount coupons of Rs. 50 each will be credited in MyJio app which can be applied one at a time per recharge, against subsequent recharges of Jio plan of Rs. 399, via MyJio App only. The customers would also get also get coupons from Swiggy, Ajio, Yatra and Netmeds in MyJio app.",
"From when is Jio Motorola G84 Offer 2023 valid? The offer is valid for eligible devices, purchased on or after 23rd September 2023 and activated on the Jio network for the first time, on or after 23rd September 2023. The first recharge of Rs. 399 Jio Prepaid Plan should be done on or after 23rd September 2023 by the eligible subscriber to avail the offer.",
"From when can I claim the Jio Motorola G84 Offer 2023? The first recharge of Rs. 399 Jio prepaid plan should be done on or after 1st September 2023 by the eligible subscriber to avail the offer.",
"How do I Claim the Jio Motorola G84 Offer 2023? The 40 discount coupons of Rs.50 each, that are received in your MyJio App, by performing a successful Jio recharge of Rs. 399, on or after 23rd September 2023, can be applied one at a time, against subsequent Jio recharges of Rs. 399, via MyJio app only. The discount coupons, if unused, will expire by 31st May 2030.",
"Will the Jio Motorola G84 Offer 2023 be available, if I purchase eligible device from ecommerce sites? Yes, “Jio MotorolaG84 Offer 2023” is available for all eligible devices, purchased from stores as well as ecommerce sites in India during the offer period.",
"Can the discount coupon, under the Jio Motorola G84 Offer 2023 be transferred to any other Jio number? No, the discount coupons are non-transferable.",
"Is the “Jio Motorola G84 Offer 2023” applicable to existing Jio subscribers as well? Yes, the offer is applicable for both existing as well as new Jio subscribers.",
"What is validity of Jio discount coupons for Jio Motorola G84 Offer 2023? Yes on select variants i.e eligible devices (g84), it is applicable only on the Indian variants of eligible devices.",
"What is validity of Jio discount coupons for Jio Motorola G84 Offer 2023 ? The discount coupons are valid till 31st May 2030.",
"How will I get to know if the discount coupons, under the “Jio Motorola G84 Offer 2023” has been credited to my account? And where can I view the vouchers? You will be notified through appropriate channel when the discount coupons have been credited to your account. You can view the discount coupons under the “My Vouchers” section in MyJio app.",
"Can I avail any other offer along with the Jio Motorola G84 Offer 2023? No, two or more offers cannot be clubbed together.",
"What is the “Jio Moto g14Offer”? “Jio Moto g14Offer” entitles Additional Data of 10 GB with 30 days validity for maximum 10 times to Eligible Active Subscribers who have Rs.399 Jio Postpaid Plan in Eligible Device. The Offer shall be open to all Eligible Subscribers on or after 23rd September 2023 for Eligible Device Group-1. For Eligible Devices, One pack of 10 GB will be provided under the Offer, which can be applied by the Eligible Subscriber, through MyJio App during the Billing Cycle. Eligible Subscribers would also get also get coupons from Ajio, Ferns and Petals, Abhibus & McDonalds in MyJio app. Eligible Devices Group -1 Motorola G14",
"From when is “Jio Moto g14Offer” valid? The offer is valid for Eligible Devices activated on the RJIO network for the first time, on or after 23rd September 2023 upon subscribing to Rs.399 Postpaid Plan provided by RJIO",
"Is the “Jio Moto g14Offer” applicable to existing Jio subscribers as well? Yes, the offer is applicable for existing as well as new RJIO Postpaid subscribers of Rs. 399 postpaid plan.",
"Will the “Jio Moto g14Offer” be available, if I purchase eligible device from ecommerce sites? Yes, “Jio Moto g14Offer” is available for all Eligible Devices, purchased from stores as well as ecommerce sites in India during the offer period.",
"Can I avail any other offer along with the “Jio Moto g14 Offer”? No, two or more offers cannot be clubbed together.",
"Is the “Jio Moto g14Offer” applicable on all the variants of Moto g14 devices? No, it is applicable only on the Indian variants of Eligible Devices.",
"What is validity of Additional Data Pack? Additional Data pack have 30 days validity and maximum 10 times for Jio Moto G14 Offer customers, Un-used data will be forfeited after validity expiry.",
"What is the “Jio Narzo 60 Series Offer”? “Jio Narzo 60 Series Offer” entitles Additional Data of 10 GB with 30 days validity for maximum 10 times to Eligible Active Subscribers who have Rs.399 Jio Postpaid Plan in Eligible Device. The Offer shall be open to all Eligible Subscribers on or after 15th July 2023 for Eligible Device Group-1. For Eligible Devices, One pack of 10 GB will be provided under the Offer, which can be applied by the Eligible Subscriber, through MyJio App during the Billing Cycle. Eligible Subscribers would also get also get coupons from Swiggy,Ajio,Ferns and Petals,Ixigo, Abhibus , ET Prime in MyJio app. Eligible Devices Group - 1 Narzo 60 Series",
"From when is “Jio Narzo 60 Series Offer” valid? The offer is valid for Eligible Devices activated on the RJIO network for the first time, on or after 15th July 2023 upon subscribing to Rs.399 Postpaid Plan provided by RJIO.",
"How do I Claim the “Jio Narzo 60 Series Offer”? Additional 10 GB data will be provided under the Offer, can be applied by the Eligible Subscriber. Eligible Subscribers would also get also get coupons from Swiggy, Ajio, Ferns and Petals, Ixigo, Abhibus, ET Prime in MyJio app under “My Coupons” section.",
"Will the “Jio Narzo 60 Series Offer” be available, if I purchase eligible device from ecommerce sites? Yes, “Jio Narzo 60 Series Offer” is available for all Eligible Devices, purchased from stores as well as ecommerce sites in India during the offer period.",
"Is the “Jio Narzo 60 Series Offer” applicable to existing Jio subscribers as well? Yes, the offer is applicable for existing as well as new RJIO Postpaid subscribers of Rs. 399 postpaid plan.",
"Can I avail any other offer along with the “Jio Narzo 60 Series Offer”? No, two or more offers cannot be clubbed together.",
"What is validity of Additional Data Pack? Additional Data pack have 30 days validity and maximum 10 times for Jio Nord 3 Offer customers, Un-used data will be forfeited after validity expiry.",
"Is the “Jio Narzo 60 Series Offer” applicable on all the variants of Narzo 60 Series devices? No, it is applicable only on the Indian variants of Eligible Devices.",
"What is the “Jio OnePlus Nord 3 2023 Offer”? “Jio OnePlus Nord 3 2023 Offer” entitles Additional Data of 10 GB with 30 days validity for maximum 10 times to Eligible Active Subscribers who have Rs.399 Jio Postpaid Plan in Eligible Device. The Offer shall be open to all Eligible Subscribers on or after 7th July 2023 for Eligible Device Group-1. For Eligible Devices, One pack of 10 GB will be provided under the Offer, which can be applied by the Eligible Subscriber, through MyJio App during the Billing Cycle. Eligible Subscribers would also get also get coupons from Swiggy,Ajio,Ferns and Petals,Ixigo, Abhibus , ET Prime in MyJio app. Eligible Devices Group -1 OnePlus Nord 3",
"How do I Claim the “Jio OnePlus Nord 3 2023 Offer”? Additional 10 GB data will be provided under the Offer, can be applied by the Eligible Subscriber. Eligible Subscribers would also get also get coupons from Swiggy,Ajio,Ferns and Petals,Ixigo, Abhibus , ET Prime in MyJio app under “My Coupons” section.",
"From when is “Jio OnePlus Nord 3 2023 Offer” valid? The offer is valid for Eligible Devices activated on the RJIO network for the first time, on or after 7th July 2023 upon subscribing to Rs.399 Postpaid Plan provided by RJIO",
"Will the “Jio OnePlus Nord 3 2023 Offer” be available, if I purchase eligible device from ecommerce sites? Yes, the offer is applicable for existing as well as new RJIO Postpaid subscribers of ₹399 postpaid plan.",
"Will the “Jio OnePlus Nord 3 2023 Offer” be available, if I purchase eligible device from ecommerce sites? Yes, “Jio OnePlus Nord” is available for all Eligible Devices, purchased from stores as well as ecommerce sites in India during the offer period.",
"Can I avail any other offer along with the “Jio OnePlus Nord 3 2023 Offer”? No, two or more offers cannot be clubbed together.",
"What is validity of Additional Data Pack? Additional Data pack have 30 days validity and maximum 10 times for Jio Nord 3 Offer customers, Un-used data will be forfeited after validity expiry.",
"Is the “Jio OnePlus Nord 3 2023 Offer” applicable on all the variants of OnePlus Nord 3 devices? No, it is applicable only on the Indian variants of Eligible Devices.",
"What is the “Jio OnePlus Roadtrip 2023 Offer”? Jio OnePlus Nord Offer” entitles Additional Data of 10 GB with 30 days validity for maximum 10 times to Eligible Active Subscribers who have Rs.399 Jio Postpaid Plan in Eligible Device. The Offer shall be open to all Eligible Subscribers on or after 30th June 2023 for Eligible Device Group-1. For Eligible Devices, One pack of 10 GB will be provided under the Offer, which can be applied by the Eligible Subscriber, through MyJio App during the Billing Cycle. Eligible Subscribers would also get also get coupons from Swiggy,Ajio,Ferns and Petals,Ixigo, Abhibus , ET Prime in MyJio app. Eligible Devices Group -1 OnePlus 11 Series",
"Is the “Jio OnePlus Roadtrip 2023 Offer” applicable on all the variants of OnePlus 11 devices? No, it is applicable only on the Indian variants of Eligible Devices.",
"What is validity of Additional Data Pack? Additional Data pack have 30 days validity and maximum 10 times for Jio OnePlus 11 Offer customers, Un-used data will be forfeited after validity expiry.",
"Can I avail any other offer along with the “Jio OnePlus Roadtrip 2023 Offer”? No, two or more offers cannot be clubbed together.",
"Is the “Jio OnePlus Roadtrip 2023 Offer” applicable to existing Jio subscribers as well? Yes, the offer is applicable for existing as well as new RJIO Postpaid subscribers of Rs. 399 postpaid plan.",
"Will the “Jio OnePlus Roadtrip 2023 Offer” be available, if I purchase eligible device from ecommerce sites? Yes, “Jio OnePlus Nord” is available for all Eligible Devices, purchased from stores as well as ecommerce sites in India during the offer period.",
"How do I Claim the “Jio OnePlus Roadtrip 2023 Offer”? Additional 10 GB data will be provided under the Offer, can be applied by the Eligible Subscriber. Eligible Subscribers would also get also get coupons from Swiggy,Ajio,Ferns and Petals,Ixigo, Abhibus , ET Prime in MyJio app under “My Coupons” section.",
"From when is “Jio OnePlus Roadtrip 2023 Offer” valid? The offer is valid for Eligible Devices activated on the RJIO network for the first time, on or after 30th June 2023 upon subscribing to Rs.399 Postpaid Plan provided by RJIO",
"What is the “Jio Moto Edge40 2023 Offer”? “Jio Moto Edge40 Offer” entitles Additional Data of 10 GB with 30 days validity for maximum 10 times to Eligible Active Subscribers who have Rs.399 Jio Postpaid Plan in Eligible Device. The Offer shall be open to all Eligible Subscribers on or after 30th May 2023 for Eligible Device Group-1. For Eligible Devices, One pack of 10 GB will be provided under the Offer, which can be applied by the Eligible Subscriber, through MyJio App during the Billing Cycle. Eligible Subscribers would also get also get coupons from Ajio, Ixigo, and ET Prime in MyJio app. Eligible Devices Group -1 Motorola Edge40",
"From when is “Jio Moto Edge40 2023 Offer” valid? The offer is valid for Eligible Devices activated on the RJIO network for the first time, on or after 30th May 2023 upon subscribing to Rs.399 Postpaid Plan provided by RJIO",
"How do I Claim the “Jio Moto Edge40 2023 Offer”? Additional 10 GB data will be provided under the Offer, can be applied by the Eligible Subscriber. Eligible Subscribers would also get also get coupons from Ajio, Ixigo and ET Prime in MyJio app under “My Coupons” section",
"Will the “Jio Moto Edge40 2023 Offer” be available, if I purchase eligible device from ecommerce sites? Yes, “Jio Moto Edge40” is available for all Eligible Devices, purchased from stores as well as ecommerce sites in India during the offer period.",
"Is the “Jio Moto Edge40 2023 Offer” applicable to existing Jio subscribers as well? Yes, the offer is applicable for existing as well as new RJIO Postpaid subscribers of Rs. 399 postpaid plan.",
"Can I avail any other offer along with the “Jio Moto Edge40 2023 Offer”? No, two or more offers cannot be clubbed together.",
"What is validity of Additional Data Pack? Additional Data pack have 30 days validity and maximum 10 times for Jio Moto Edge40 offer customers, Un-used data will be forfeited after validity expiry.",
"Is the “Jio Moto Edge40 2023 Offer” applicable on all the variants of Motorola devices? No, it is applicable only on the Indian variants of Eligible Devices.",
"What is the Jio Vivo X90 SERIES Offer? “Jio Vivo X90 SERIES Offer” entitles customer to partner coupons on purchase of eligible devices on or after 20th May 2023 and activated on Jio network for the first time by performing a recharge of Rs.419 Jio prepaid plan on or after 20th May 2023 for Eligible Device Group-1 Eligible Devices Group -1 Vivo X90 Series",
"From when is Jio Vivo X90 SERIES Offer valid? The offer is valid for eligible devices, purchased on or after 20th May 2023 and activated on the Jio network for the first time on or after 20th May 2023 for Eligible Device Group-1. The first recharge of Rs.419 Jio Prepaid Plan should be done on or after 20th May 2023 for Eligible Device Group-1 and by the eligible subscriber to avail the offer.",
"From when can I claim the Jio Vivo X90 SERIES Offer? The first recharge of Rs.419 Jio prepaid plan should be done on or after 20th May 2023 for Eligible Device Group-1 by the eligible subscriber to avail the offer.",
"How do I Claim the Jio Vivo X90 SERIES Offer? Access the MyCoupon section to select the coupon code and visit the portal of applicable partner to redeem the same.",
"Will the Jio Vivo X90 SERIES Offer be available, if I purchase eligible device from ecommerce sites? Yes, “Jio Vivo X90 SERIES Offer” is available for all eligible devices, purchased from stores as well as ecommerce sites in India during the offer period.",
"Is the “Jio Vivo X90 SERIES Offer” applicable to existing Jio subscribers as well? Yes, the offer is applicable for both existing as well as new Jio subscribers.",
"Can I avail any other offer along with the Jio Vivo X90 SERIES Offer? No, two or more offers cannot be clubbed together.",
"How will I get to know if the partner coupons, under the “Jio Vivo X90 SERIES Offer” has been credited to my account? And where can I view the coupons? You will be notified through appropriate channel when the coupons have been credited to your account. You can view the coupons under the “MyCoupon” section in MyJio app.",
"Is the “Jio Vivo X90 SERIES Offer” applicable on all the variants of eligible devices? No, it is applicable only on the Indian variants of eligible devices.",
"What is the “Jio Narzo N53 2023 Offer”? \"Jio Narzo N53 2023 Offer\" entitles Additional Data of 10 GB with 30 days validity for maximum 10 times to Eligible Active Subscribers who have Rs.399 Jio Postpaid Plan in Eligible Device. The Offer shall be open to all Eligible Subscribers on or after 24th May 2023 for Eligible Device Group-1. For Eligible Devices, One pack of 10 GB will be provided under the Offer, which can be applied by the Eligible Subscriber, through MyJio App during the Billing Cycle. Eligible Subscribers would also get also get coupons from EazyDiner , Abhi Bus , Ferns and Petals , McDonalds in MyJio app. Eligible Devices Group -1 Narzo N53",
"From when is “Jio Narzo N53 2023 Offer” valid? The offer is valid for Eligible Devices activated on the RJIO network for the first time, on or after 24th May 2023 upon subscribing to Rs.399 Postpaid Plan provided by RJIO",
"How do I Claim the “Jio Narzo N53 2023 Offer”? Additional 10 GB data will be provided under the Offer, can be applied by the Eligible Subscriber. Eligible Subscribers would also get also get coupons from Ixigo , Easydiner.in and ET Prime in MyJio app under “My Coupons” section.",
"Will the “Jio Narzo N53 2023 Offer” be available, if I purchase eligible device from ecommerce sites? Yes, “Jio Narzo N53 2023” is available for all Eligible Devices, purchased from stores as well as ecommerce sites in India during the offer period.",
"Is the “Jio Narzo N53 2023 Offer” applicable to existing Jio subscribers as well? Yes, the offer is applicable for existing as well as new RJIO Postpaid subscribers of Rs. 399 postpaid plan.",
"Can I avail any other offer along with the “Jio Narzo N53 2023 Offer”? No, two or more offers cannot be clubbed together.",
"What is validity of Additional Data Pack? Additional Data pack have 30 days validity and maximum 10 times for Jio customers, Un-used data will be forfeited after validity expiry.",
"Is the “Jio Narzo N53 2023 Offer” applicable on all the variants of Narzo devices? No, it is applicable only on the Indian variants of Eligible Devices.",
"What is the “Jio Narzo 2023 Offer”? \"Jio Narzo 2023 Offer\" entitles Additional Data of 10 GB with 30 days validity for maximum 10 times to Eligible Active Subscribers who have Rs.399 Jio Postpaid Plan in Eligible Device. The Offer shall be open to all Eligible Subscribers on or after 18th April 2023 for Eligible Device Group-1. For Eligible Devices, One pack of 10 GB will be provided under the Offer, which can be applied by the Eligible Subscriber, through MyJio App during the Billing Cycle. Eligible Subscribers would also get also get coupons from EazyDiner , Abhi Bus , Ferns and Petals , McDonalds in MyJio app. Eligible Devices Group -1 Narzo N55",
"From when is “Jio Narzo 2023 Offer” valid? The offer is valid for Eligible Devices activated on the RJIO network for the first time, on or after 18th April 2023 upon subscribing to Rs.399 Postpaid Plan provided by RJIO",
"How do I Claim the “Jio Narzo 2023 Offer”? Additional 10 GB data will be provided under the Offer, can be applied by the Eligible Subscriber. Eligible Subscribers would also get also get coupons from Ixigo , Easydiner.in and ET Prime in MyJio app under “My Coupons” section.",
"Will the “Jio Narzo 2023 Offer” be available, if I purchase eligible device from ecommerce sites? Yes, \"Jio Narzo 2023\" is available for all Eligible Devices, purchased from stores as well as ecommerce sites in India during the offer period.",
"Is the “Jio Narzo 2023 Offer” applicable to existing Jio subscribers as well? Yes, the offer is applicable for existing as well as new RJIO Postpaid subscribers of Rs. 399 postpaid plan.",
"Can I avail any other offer along with the “Jio Narzo 2023 Offer”? No, two or more offers cannot be clubbed together.",
"What is validity of Additional Data Pack? Additional Data pack have 30 days validity and maximum 10 times for Jio customers, Un-used data will be forfeited after validity expiry.",
"Is the “Jio Narzo 2023 Offer” applicable on all the variants of Narzo devices? No, it is applicable only on the Indian variants of Eligible Devices.",
"What is the “Jio OnePlus Nord 2023 Offer”? “Jio OnePlus Nord Offer” entitles Additional Data of 10 GB with 30 days validity for maximum 10 times to Eligible Active Subscribers who have Rs.399 Jio Postpaid Plan in Eligible Device. The Offer shall be open to all Eligible Subscribers on or after 11th April 2023 for Eligible Device Group-1. For Eligible Devices, One pack of 10 GB will be provided under the Offer, which can be applied by the Eligible Subscriber, through MyJio App during the Billing Cycle. Eligible Subscribers would also get also get coupons from Ixigo , Easydiner.in and ET Prime in MyJio app. Eligible Devices Group -1 OnePlus Nord CE 3 Lite",
"From when is “Jio OnePlus Nord 2023 Offer” valid? The offer is valid for Eligible Devices activated on the RJIO network for the first time, on or after 11th April 2023 upon subscribing to Rs.399 Postpaid Plan provided by RJIO",
"How do I Claim the “Jio OnePlus Nord 2023 Offer”? Additional 10 GB data will be provided under the Offer, can be applied by the Eligible Subscriber. Eligible Subscribers would also get also get coupons from Ixigo , Easydiner.in and ET Prime in MyJio app under “My Coupons” section.",
"Will the “Jio OnePlus Nord 2023 Offer” be available, if I purchase eligible device from ecommerce sites? Yes, “Jio OnePlus Nord” is available for all Eligible Devices, purchased from stores as well as ecommerce sites in India during the offer period.",
"Is the “Jio OnePlus Nord 2023 Offer” applicable to existing Jio subscribers as well? Yes, the offer is applicable for existing as well as new RJIO Postpaid subscribers of Rs. 399 postpaid plan.",
"Can I avail any other offer along with the “Jio OnePlus Nord 2023 Offer”? No, two or more offers cannot be clubbed together.",
"What is validity of Additional Data Pack? Additional Data pack have 30 days validity and maximum 10 times for Jio OnePlus 11 Offer customers, Un-used data will be forfeited after validity expiry.",
"Is the “Jio OnePlus Nord 2023 Offer” applicable on all the variants of OnePlus 11 devices? No, it is applicable only on the Indian variants of Eligible Devices.",
"What is the Jio Motorola G13 Offer 2023? “Jio Motorola G13 Offer 2023” entitles a cashback of Rs. 2000 for eligible devices on Jio network for the first time by performing a recharge of Rs.419 Jio prepaid plan on or after 29th March 2023. For eligible devices, upon 1st successful recharge of Rs. 419, 40 discount coupons of Rs. 50 each will be credited in MyJio app which can be applied one at a time per recharge, against subsequent recharges of Jio plan of Rs. 419, via MyJio App only. The customers would also get also get coupons from Myntra in MyJio app.",
"From when is Jio Motorola G13 Offer 2023 valid? The offer is valid for eligible devices, purchased on or after 29th March 2023 and activated on the Jio network for the first time, on or after 29th March 2023. The first recharge of Rs. 419 Jio Prepaid Plan should be done on or after 29th March 2023 by the eligible subscriber to avail the offer.",
"From when can I claim the Jio Motorola G13 Offer 2023? The first recharge of Rs. 419 Jio prepaid plan should be done on or after 29th March 2023 by the eligible subscriber to avail the offer.",
"How do I Claim the Jio Motorola G13 Offer 2023? The 40 discount coupons of Rs.50 each, that are received in your MyJio App, by performing a successful Jio recharge of Rs. 419, on or after 29th March 2023, can be applied one at a time, against subsequent Jio recharges of Rs. 419, via MyJio app only. The discount coupons, if unused, will expire by 31st May 2030.",
"Can the discount coupon, under the Jio Motorola G13 Offer 2023 be transferred to any other Jio number? No, the discount coupons are non-transferable.",
"Will the Jio Motorola G13 Offer 2023 be available, if I purchase eligible device from ecommerce sites? Yes, “Jio MotorolaG13 Offer 2023” is available for all eligible devices, purchased from stores as well as ecommerce sites in India during the offer period.",
"Is the “Jio Motorola G13 Offer 2023” applicable to existing Jio subscribers as well? Yes, the offer is applicable for both existing as well as new Jio subscribers.",
"How will I get to know if the discount coupons, under the “Jio Motorola G13 Offer 2023” has been credited to my account? And where can I view the vouchers? You will be notified through appropriate channel when the discount coupons have been credited to your account. You can view the discount coupons under the “My Vouchers” section in MyJio app.",
"Can I avail any other offer along with the Jio Motorola G13 Offer 2023? No, two or more offers cannot be clubbed together.",
"What is validity of discount coupons for Jio Motorola G13 Offer 2023 ? The discount coupons are valid till 31st May 2030.",
"Is the “Jio Motorola G13 Offer 2023” applicable on all the variants of 5G devices? No, it is applicable only on the Indian variants of eligible devices.",
"What is the Jio Vivo V27 SERIES Offer? Jio Vivo V27 SERIES Offer” entitles customer to partner coupons on purchase of eligible devices on or after 1st March 2023 and activated on Jio network for the first time by performing a recharge of Rs.419 Jio prepaid plan on or after 1st March 2023 for Eligible Device Group-1. Eligible Devices Group - 1 vivo V27 SERIES",
"From when is Jio Vivo V27 SERIES Offer valid? The offer is valid for eligible devices, purchased on or after 1st March 2023 and activated on the Jio network for the first time on or after 1st March 2023 for Eligible Device Group-1. The first recharge of Rs.419 Jio Prepaid Plan should be done on or after 1st March 2023 for Eligible Device Group-1 and by the eligible subscriber to avail the offer.",
"From when can I claim the Jio Vivo V27 SERIES Offer? The first recharge of Rs.419 Jio prepaid plan should be done on or after 1st March 2023 for Eligible Device Group-1 by the eligible subscriber to avail the offer.",
"How do I Claim the Jio Vivo V27 SERIES Offer? Access the MyCoupon section to select the coupon code and visit the portal of applicable partner to redeem the same.",
"Will the Jio Vivo V27 SERIES Offer be available, if I purchase eligible device from ecommerce sites? Yes, “Jio Vivo V27 SERIES Offer” is available for all eligible devices, purchased from stores as well as ecommerce sites in India during the offer period.",
"Is the “Jio Vivo V27 SERIES Offer” applicable to existing Jio subscribers as well? Yes, the offer is applicable for both existing as well as new Jio subscribers.",
"Can I avail any other offer along with the Jio Vivo V27 SERIES Offer? No, two or more offers cannot be clubbed together.",
"How will I get to know if the partner coupons, under the “Jio Vivo V27 SERIES Offer” has been credited to my account? And where can I view the coupons? You will be notified through appropriate channel when the coupons have been credited to your account. You can view the coupons under the “MyCoupon” section in MyJio app.",
"Is the “Jio Vivo V27 SERIES Offer” applicable on all the variants of eligible devices? No, it is applicable only on the Indian variants of eligible devices.",
"What is the Jio Motorola G73 Offer 2023? “Jio Motorola G73 Offer 2023” entitles a cashback of Rs. 4000 for eligible devices on Jio network for the first time by performing a recharge of Rs.1199 Jio prepaid plan on or after 10th March 2023. For eligible devices, upon 1st successful recharge of Rs. 1199, 40 discount coupons of Rs. 100 each will be credited in MyJio app which can be applied one at a time per recharge, against subsequent recharges of Jio plan of Rs. 1199, via MyJio App only. The customers would also get also get coupons from Myntra and Zoomin in MyJio app.",
"From when is Jio Motorola G73 Offer 2023 valid? The offer is valid for eligible devices, purchased on or after 10th March 2023 and activated on the Jio network for the first time, on or after 10th March 2023. The first recharge of Rs. 1199 Jio Prepaid Plan should be done on or after 10th March 2023 by the eligible subscriber to avail the offer.",
"From when can I claim the Jio Motorola G73 Offer 2023? The first recharge of Rs. 1199 Jio prepaid plan should be done on or after 10th March 2023by the eligible subscriber to avail the offer.",
"How do I Claim the Jio Motorola G73 Offer 2023? The 40 discount coupons of Rs.100 each, that are received in your MyJio App, by performing a successful Jio recharge of Rs. 1199, on or after 10th March 2023, can be applied one at a time, against subsequent Jio recharges of Rs. 1199, via MyJio app only. The discount coupons, if unused, will expire by 31st May 2030.",
"Can the discount coupon, under the Jio Motorola G73 Offer 2023 be transferred to any other Jio number? No, the discount coupons are non-transferable.",
"Will the Jio Motorola G73 Offer 2023 be available, if I purchase eligible device from ecommerce sites? Yes, “Jio Motorola G73 Offer 2023” is available for all eligible devices, purchased from stores as well as ecommerce sites in India during the offer period.",
"Is the “Jio Motorola G73 Offer 2023” applicable to existing Jio subscribers as well? Yes, the offer is applicable for both existing as well as new Jio subscribers.",
"Can I avail any other offer along with the Jio Motorola G73 Offer 2023? No, two or more offers cannot be clubbed together.",
"How will I get to know if the discount coupons, under the “Jio Motorola G73 Offer 2023” has been credited to my account? And where can I view the vouchers? You will be notified through appropriate channel when the discount coupons have been credited to your account. You can view the discount coupons under the “My Vouchers” section in MyJio app.",
"What is validity of discount coupons for Jio Motorola G73 Offer 2023 ? The discount coupons are valid till 31st May 2030.",
"Is the “Jio Motorola G73 Offer 2023” applicable on all the variants of 5G devices? No, it is applicable only on the Indian variants of eligible devices.",
